 May 19, 2022  Metro-North Railroad reserves the right to remove this posting prior to the Application Deadline.  In order to protect our employees and continue to provide safe and reliable service to our communities, as of November 14, 2021 we are requiring all new MTA hires to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 prior to their start date. MTA will consider exceptions for religious and medical reasons, where appropriate. “Fully vaccinated” means you must have both doses of a 2-dose vaccine and two weeks have elapsed since the second dose, or have received 1 dose of a 1-dose vaccine and two weeks have elapsed since the dose. Proof of your vaccination status in the form of a CDC vaccine card must be submitted prior to your start date. MTA Metro-North Railroad is a dynamic organization, operating out of the jewel of New York City, Grand Central Terminal. We provide service to over 86.5 million customers, traveling in and out of New York and Connecticut. A subsidiary of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, Metro-North Railroad is one of the busiest commuter railroad in the nation. MTA Metro-North Railroad strives to provide a safe and reliable commute, excellent customer service and rewarding opportunities to its employees. PLUMBERS install, maintain and repair various piping systems in Grand Central Terminal (GCT).  THE ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO: REQUIRED:  PREFERRED:  KNOWLEDGES, SKILLS, ABILITIES: The starting rate for this position is $26.69 (70% of the full rate). The annual wage progression scale is as follows: Year 1=70% > Year 2=70% > Year 3=75% > Year 4=80% > Year 5=85% > Year 6=85% > Year 7=90% > Year 8=100%. The full 100% rate of pay is $38.12.  This rate has been established by the SMW collective bargaining unit and is non-negotiable.  An exception may be granted for a journeyman rate to anyone who has one of the following: Applicants will establish seniority in the Sheet Metal Workers International Association (SMW) in accordance with the union's current collective bargaining agreement.  Members of the SMW are subject to an initiation fee and monthly union dues. Must have the ability to work various hours, days, and shifts in Grand Central Terminal. Due to the competitive nature of the selection process, not all qualified candidates who meet the minimum requirements for the position are guaranteed an interview. To be selected for a position, one must meet the following criteria: (1) satisfy the minimum requirements listed in the job posting, (2) if applicable, successfully pass a written and practical exam, (3) satisfy a background investigation (including but not limited to, employment, education, and criminal history), and (4) pass a verbal interview. Metro-North may also require the applicant to undergo a physical ability test, and, if the Company extends a conditional offer, may require him or her to undergo a medical examination, which may include toxicological testing. Failure to pass any step within the hiring process will result in the disqualification of your application.  Additional Criteria for Current Employees: Current Metro-North employees must be in active service to be eligible for consideration. Agreement Employees applying for a position outside of their present craft are required to have worked in your current union for at least one (1) year preceding the Application Deadline to be eligible to apply for a posted position, and have completed the agreed upon formal training commitment, including on-the-job training or lock-in requirement, if applicable (for example: Signal Trainee, Foreman-In-Training, etc.). If you are transferring to another craft, you may be required to forfeit your seniority in your present union. Non-agreement employees must have worked in your current position for a minimum of one (1) year preceding the Application Deadline. Along with a background investigation (including but not limited to, employment, education, and criminal history), employees are also subject to an internal investigation, which includes an evaluation not limited to discipline records and performance assessments.  We offer a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package. If interested, please apply online at www.mta.info This is a federally regulated position subject to both pre-employment and continuous random toxicological screening.  As an employee of Metro-North Railroad you may be required to complete a New York State financial disclosure statement, if you earn more than $101,379.00 or if you hold a position designated as a policy maker.  Employees driving company vehicles must complete defensive driver training once every three years for current MNR drivers; or within 180 days of hire or transfer for an employee entering an authorized driving position.  Details of physical activities include, but are not limited to:   Details of working conditions include, but are not limited to:  ALL APPLICANTS MUST APPLY ONLINE TO BE CONSIDERED. METRO-NORTH NO LONGER ACCEPTS HARD COPIES OF RESUMES.  Qualified applicants can submit an online application by clicking on the 'APPLY NOW' button from either the CAREERS page or from the JOB DESCRIPTION page.  If you have previously applied on line for other positions, enter your User Name and Password. If it is your first registration, click on the CLICK HERE TO REGISTER hyperlink and enter a User Name and Password; then click on the REGISTER button.  When applying for positions, please ensure that you attach a resume during the application process and that you receive a confirmation e-mail that your application was accepted. If you do not receive an email confirmation, your application may not have been received and will not be able to be considered after the deadline date. If you encounter problems, please call the BSC Customer Management Center at (646) 376-0123 Monday through Friday (except MTA-HQ holidays), 8:30am - 5:00pm.  EMPLOYEES WHO DO NOT APPLY ON LINE VIA THE INTRANET MAY BE DISQUALIFIED FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION FOR THIS POSITION.  MTA and its subsidiary and affiliated agencies are Equal Opportunity Employers, including with respect to veteran status and individuals with disabilities.  The MTA encourages qualified applicants from diverse backgrounds, experiences, and abilities, including military service members, to apply. Assemble, install, maintain and repair black iron, galvanized, copper, Victaulic, and aluminum pipe, to include fittings, couplings, clamps, screws, bolts and soldering equipment. Maintain and repair plumbing lines (sewage or water supply) by opening clogged drains using a drum or a handheld snake. Install, maintain and repair plumbing appliances and fixtures such as toilets, sinks, shower stalls, and faucets using hand and power tools. Detect and repair water leaks by turning off water main valves, isolating water flow and repairing pipe. Install and repair high & low pressure steam lines and condensate lines. Maintain and repair fire sprinkler systems in stations and facilities. Attend required trainings associated with performing Plumber responsibilities (i.e., Roadway Worker, blood-borne pathogen, etc.). Locate and mark the positions of pipe installations. Read and interpret blueprints and construction drawings. Cut openings in structures to accommodate pipes or pipe fittings, using hand or power tools. Other duties as assigned. Must have High School Diploma or equivalent or Test Assessing Secondary Completion (TASC). Vocational or apprentice training in plumbing or two (2) or more years of experience performing plumbing work. Must have personal tool box with Plumber’s tools. Internal candidates are required to become qualified for the position within 15 days of bidding the position. Experience performing plumbing work. Experience working with steam and condensate systems. NYC Fire Dept. Certificate for Oxy-Acetylene Blowpipe or Certificate of Fitness for Fire Watch. Valid driver’s license. Mechanical Aptitude; knowledge of and ability to use, plumbing tools; ability to work with others; verbal communication skills; interpersonal skills; ability to follow instructions; ability to anticipate and analyze problems and take corrective actions; ability to accurately perform basic mental mathematical calculations; knowledge of operating and safety rules and standards; ability to anticipate problems; must be safety conscious; must be able to function effectively under changing priorities; ability to exercise independent judgment; reading comprehension ability Completed a four-year, bona fide sheet metal workers’, plumbers’ or pipefitters’ apprenticeship program, OR Has had four (4) years of full-time practical experience in the craft and can provide proof thereof (by means of a card or certificate). For those approved for a journeyman rate, the wage progression scale is as follows: 80>80>90>90>100% of the full rate of pay. Must be able to lift and carry tools and material weighing up to 50 lbs. on a regular basis and occasionally up to 75 lbs. (e.g., auger, drum snakes, piping, etc.). Must be able to kneel, bend, crouch, crawl and reach to access difficult to access work locations such as sinks, crawl spaces, etc. Ability to walk on uneven surfaces while navigating tracks and yard in order to access facilities, work site, etc. Ability to climb onto ladders, scaffolding, lifts to inspect, install and repair piping, supply and drainage lines. Must be able to work various days and shifts. Works outside exposed to various weather conditions from extreme hot to extreme cold. Works at heights up to 50 ft. on scaffolds and ladders to access plumbing components, A/C units, supply lines, etc.