 About CSUSB  California State University, San Bernardino is a preeminent center of intellectual and cultural activity in Inland Southern California. Opened in 1965 and set at the foothills of the beautiful San Bernardino Mountains, the university serves more than 20,000 students each year and graduates about 4,000 students annually. CSUSB reflects the dynamic diversity of the region and has the most diverse student population of any university in the Inland Empire. Seventy percent of those who graduate are the first in their families to do so.  At CSUSB, you can: Department Summary  Facilities Planning & Management is here to provide, maintain, and enhance the campus community in support of the University’s mission. Facilities Planning & Management consists of two divisions whose combined scope encompasses all aspects of Facilities at California State University, San Bernardino: Facilities Management and Facilities Planning, Design & Construction. Job Summary  Under immediate supervision, in a trainee capacity, the Plumber Apprentice performs a variety of progressively more complex plumbing tasks and performs related work, as required.  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Employment Status: This is a Full-Time, Temporary, Non-Exempt position.  Application Review Deadline: This position will remain open until filled. Applications will be reviewed beginning April 1, 2022. Work Schedule Key Qualifications Education and Experience Salary  Anticipated Hiring Range: $3,732 per month  Classification Salary Range: $3,732 - $5,455 per month Statement of Commitment to Diversity  In our commitment to the furthering of knowledge and fulfilling our educational mission, California State University, San Bernardino seeks a campus climate that welcomes, celebrates, and promotes respect for the entire variety of human experience. In our commitment to diversity, we welcome people from all backgrounds, and we seek to include knowledge and values from many cultures in the curriculum and extra-curricular life of the campus community. Our commitment to work toward an environment that values diversity requires that we create, promote, and maintain activities and programs which further our understanding of individual and group diversity. We will also develop and communicate policies and promote values which discourage intolerance and discrimination.  The concept and dimensions of diversity are to be advanced and incorporated into every aspect of university activity, including student life, the curriculum, teaching, programs, staffing, personnel training practices, research, community services, events, and all other areas of university endeavor.  Dimensions of diversity shall include, but are not limited to, the following: race, ethnicity, religious belief, sexual orientation, sex, gender identity, gender expression, ability, socioeconomic status, cultural orientation, national origin, and age.  The implementation of the Commitment to Diversity will rest with the university as a whole. The president, in addition to a personal commitment and involvement, may use the University Diversity Committee, campus administrators, faculty, staff, and students as well as other members of the campus community to implement effectively the philosophy and intent of this statement. Supplemental Information  A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the CSU. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the application status of applicants or continued employment of current CSU employees who apply for the position.  The person holding this position is considered a `mandated reporter' under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment.  California State University, San Bernardino is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, or protected veteran status.  This position may be "Designated" under California State University's Conflict of Interest Code. This would require the filing of a Statement of Economic Interest on an annual basis and the completion of training within 6 months of assuming office and every 2 years thereafter. Visit the Human Resources Conflict of Interest webpage link for additional information: http://hrd.csusb.edu/conflictInterest.html  This position adheres to CSU policies against Sex Discrimination, Sexual Harassment, and Sexual Violence, including Domestic Violence, Dating Violence, and Stalking. This requires completion of Sexual Violence Prevention Training within 6 months of assuming employment and on a two-year basis thereafter. (Executive Order 1096) Build your future Work with the best Be your authentic self Focus on you Make a lasting impact Work for a purpose that is greater than your own Bring everything you are, become everything you want Learn with graduated responsibility to install, maintain, inspect and repair standard plumbing equipment concerned with water, gas, oil, sewage, fire control, steam, and refrigeration systems. Be instructed in and learn to perform a full range of responsible tasks during the designated training period. Learn general maintenance pertaining to the plumbing shop; learn to troubleshoot plumbing systems. Make simple reports, keep, simple records, and keep a daily log of work completed as well as record their progression through the work processes listed in their training guidelines. Learn the names and applications of various plumbing tools and equipment; assist journey-level workers in installing and repairing pumps. Make rough sketches of plumbing systems. Estimate labor and materials for minor plumbing installation and repair; and select, order, and store plumbing supplies and equipment. Monday through Friday from 7:00 am to 3:30 pm, weekends and evenings may be required. Incumbents must be able to follow oral and written instructions; read, write and perform such tasks at a level appropriate for the duties; establish and maintain cooperative working relationships; perform basic arithmetic computations; learn the methods, materials, tools and equipment used in the plumbing trades; and learn and apply the rules and regulations of the California State Plumbing Codes and the Safety Orders of the Division of Industrial Safety applicable to plumbing. Incumbents also must be able to work in a trainee capacity, demonstrating continued progress and improvement in plumbing work, work habits, knowledge and abilities; demonstrate a definite interest in a career as a crafts painter; and meet all the criteria as defined in the CSU and SETC Apprenticeship Standards Addendum. High School Diploma, California GED, or equivalent combination of education and experience.