 Plumber Medical, Dental & Vision Care Insurance Plans UC Retirement Plans Group Term Life Insurance Legal Insurance Pet Insurance Paid Holidays plus accrued vacation and sick leave Gym discount at UCSC recreation facilities Full-time, Fixed Percentage of Time: 100%, 40 Hours per Week Days of the Week: Mon-Fri Shift Includes: Day Performs the duties of a journey level plumber to all CHES building systems. Repair, install, adjust, maintain and replace all plumbing fixtures and related piping. Performs roddering, snaking and high- pressure water jet roddering to piping drain systems. Requires ability to solder, weld, fuse, pipe fit, thread and fabricate. Must have knowledge of existing plumbing codes, able to read blue prints and diagrams and follow written PM programs. Locate and repair issues with water supply lines (e.g. leaks) Repair or replace broken drainage lines, clogged drains, faucets, etc. Install and maintain gas and liquid heating systems (air-conditioning units, radiators etc.) Installs, repairs, or replaces domestic hot and cold-water lines. Performs the duties of a journey level fitter underground utilities construction and maintenance person. Performs maintenance repairs and installations on water distribution/regulation systems, natural gas distribution /regulation systems, and sewer systems. Operate tampers, cuts/threads pipe, operates concrete saw cutters, shovel, dig, excavate, backfill. Performs duties of journey level sheet metal fabricator and installer. Performs duties that require cutting, bending, forming, measuring, laying out patterns, working from blueprints, verbal directions and sketches, and etching, joining and assembling sheet metal in accordance with existing codes. Performs safety inspections and routine maintenance on tools and equipment used. Attends safety and training classes and performs job related tasks in a safe manner. Follows all product and university specific safety procedures when using tools and equipment. Maintains a weekly timesheet. Effectively employs good interpersonal skills when interacting with members of the campus community. Maintain an inventory of shop materials, supplies and tools. Experience and or skills equivalent to a qualified journey level plumber. Ability to maintain, use, repair and install/construct building plumbing systems, gas piping, sewer systems, plumbing fixtures, food service equipment (some by welding), soldering, brazing, sewer and drain piping snakes and rodders and high pressure water jet machinery. Experience and ability to use high pressure water jet rodders, cable rodders, compressors, pumps, augers, water and gas leak detection instruments, pipeline locators, pipe threading machines and hand tools. Knowledge of steam, water, and natural gas distribution systems maintenance and repair. Ability to provide journey level skills to maintain equipment, tools, machinery, piping. Ability to read and fabricate from drawings and blueprints. Demonstrated knowledge of water distribution and disposal systems in residential and food preparation facilities. Working knowledge of heating and ventilation systems as well as appliances. Ability to develop and implement planned maintenance programs. Knowledge of state and federal uniform plumbing codes, commercial kitchen codes and health codes. Knowledge of CAL OSHA codes. Ability to read, understand, and follow safety procedures. Ability to use computers, web browser, Word processing, spreadsheets and email and to learn to use a web-based work order management system. Ability to take initiative, organize, and perform work in various situations where numerous and diverse demands are involved. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with those within CHES Facilities and other individuals within the University as necessary to successfully conduct assigned tasks and work. Ability to communicate effectively and work harmoniously with a diverse group of individuals at all levels of the organization directly or indirectly involved with task and work assignments. Ability to accommodate changing priorities and complete tasks despite intermittent interruptions. Ability to be part of a team and foster teamwork by maintaining a cooperative atmosphere and effective working relationships with a diverse population from various cultural backgrounds. Must be a Journeyman plumber with 4 or more years of experience working in the field in the plumbing industry. Ability to operationalize and incorporate the concepts of sustainability into daily work efforts. C-16 Contractor's Fire Protection License. Selected candidate will be required to pass a pre-employment criminal history background check. Must possess a valid license to drive in the state of California and will be required to provide a DMV driving record printout at time of interview. Must possess a valid Backflow Certification, or ability to acquire this certification within 6 months of employment. Ability to perform work overhead and to perform repetitive tasks. Ability to work from a stepladders and extension ladders. Ability to work in confined spaces such as trenches, pits, manholes, attics and tunnels while bending, stooping and or kneeling. Ability to move or carry materials weighing up to 70 pounds with or without accommodation and assistance of coworkers. The selected candidate must be available to work scheduled overtime, and be available for emergency overtime as needed. The University of California has implemented a COVID-19 Vaccination Policy covering all employees. To be compliant with the policy, covered employees must submit proof of vaccination or have an approved exception or deferral, eight (8) weeks from date of hire. Per the Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act (CANRA), this position has been identified as a Mandated Reporter. The selected candidate will be required to report known or suspected child abuse or neglect as defined by CANRA and will be required to sign a Statement Acknowledging Requirement to Report Child Abuse prior to commencing employment. CANRA Penal Codes, and related definitions, requirements, and responsibilities may be obtained here.