 Salary and Benefits  Salary Range: $5,742.00/month to $7,414.00/month. PLEASE NOTE: The starting salary placement depends on qualifications and experience and is anticipated to be in the range of $5,742.00/month to $6,578.00/month.  Cal State East Bay offers a broad range of benefits that includes medical, dental, vision, retirement (CalPERS), 401k, 457, 403(b), dependent and health care reimbursement accounts, life insurance, vacation and sick, 13 paid holidays, one personal holiday and tuition fee waiver.  For more information on the benefits program, please visit https://www.csueastbay.edu/hr/benefits/index.html  About Cal State East Bay  Cal State East Bay's beautiful main campus is located in the Hayward hills with panoramic views of the San Francisco Bay shoreline. Situated above the city of Hayward, the campus offers an ideal setting for teaching and learning and yet easy access to the many cities along the bay. The University has a satellite campus in Concord, a professional development center in Oakland and a significant presence online. Founded in 1957, Cal State East Bay is one of 23 universities of the California State University system (CSU). With an enrollment over 15,800 students, Cal State East Bay is recognized as a regionally engaged and globally oriented university with a strong commitment to academic innovation, student success, engaged and service learning, diversity, and sustainability.  About the Position  Plumbers are journey-level skilled trades workers responsible for the full range of skilled plumbing work including the installation, maintenance, inspection, modification, remodel and repair of mechanical plumbing equipment and fixtures for water, gas, oil, steam, sewage, fire sprinkler/prevention, and refrigeration related plumbing systems, including automated plumbing systems. Incumbents typically maintain, troubleshoot and test plumbing systems, including backflow prevention devices; assemble, install and repair pumps, pipes, fittings, and fixtures; cut, thread and weld pipes; assemble and install valves, pipe fittings and pipes composed of a variety of metals and materials; maintain campus swimming pools; manage lab utilities; advise on the selection, ordering and storage of plumbing equipment and supplies; inspect completed work for conformance with specifications, requirements and compliance with applicable building and safety codes and regulations; inspect related work performed by contractors; estimate cost, time and materials for plumbing projects; participate in the maintenance and operations of a plumbing shop; maintain and service tools and equipment used in the performance of duties; perform all work in accordance with established safety procedures; maintain a safe and clean work environment; maintain records and retrieve data related to work performed using computerized record-keeping systems; prepare standard reports; and consult and work with other trades workers. Work may involve exposure to hazardous materials.  Responsibilities  Repair  Responsible for skilled plumbing work including the installation, modification, remodel and repair of mechanical plumbing equipment and fixtures for water, gas, swimming pools, sewage, domestic hot water boilers, fire sprinkler and backflow prevention devices. Service Inspection Maintenance Compliance Required Qualifications  Knowledge:  Abilities:  (CPO) Certification  Swimming pool certification required by law to maintain campus swimming pools and ponds chemistry and associated equipment and aquatic systems.  Backflow Assembley Tester Certification  Certification is required to maintain, test, adjust, replace and installation of campus back flow devices.  Aerco Boiler Training/Certification  Training required for the maintenance, repair and replacement of campus condensing domestic hot water boilers and storage tanks. The training allows work to be completed that is above and beyond the typical duties of a plumber.  Minimum Qualifications  Experience:  These abilities normally would be acquired through any combination of progressively responsible training and experience which demonstrates achievement journey-level skills equivalent to that acquired through completion of a standard plumber’s apprenticeship program.  Condition(s) of Employment  Satisfactory completion of a background check (including LiveScan, as appropriate), that may include, but is not limited to: criminal records check, verification of academic credentials, licenses, certificates, credit history, professional references and/or verification of work history is required for employment. Cal State East Bay will issue a conditional offer of employment to the selected candidate, which may be rescinded if the background check reveals disqualifying information, and/or it is discovered that the candidate knowingly withheld or falsified information. Unsatisfactory results may also affect the continued employment of current Cal State East Bay employees who were conditionally offered the position.  All background checks are conducted through the university's third party vendor, Accurate. LiveScan is conducted through the University Police Department.  EEO Statement  As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Cal State East Bay does not discriminate on the basis of any protected categories: age, ancestry, citizenship, color, disability, gender, immigration status, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, or veteran's status. The University is committed to the principles of diversity in employment and to creating a stimulating learning environment for its diverse student body.  Other Information  All California State University campuses, including Cal State East Bay, are smoke and tobacco-free. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.csueastbay.edu/smokeandtobaccofree/  In compliance with state and federal crime awareness and campus security legislation, including The Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act, the Cal State East Bay Annual Campus Security Report is available at: http://www.csueastbay.edu/upd/safety-and-security-reports.html  Specific physical and/or environmental working conditions that relate to the essential requirements of the position: Sponsorship  Cal State East Bay is not a sponsoring agency for Staff or Management positions.  Mandated Reporter  The incumbent in this position may be considered a mandated reporter under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and will be required to comply with requirements set forth in the CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment.  CSU Vaccination Policy  CSU requires faculty, staff, and students who are accessing campus facilities to be immunized against COVID-19 or declare a medical or religious exemption from doing so. Any candidates advanced in a currently open search process should be prepared to comply with this requirement. The systemwide policy can be found at https://calstate.policystat.com/policy/9779821/latest/ and questions may be sent to hr@csueastbay.edu. Diagnose, test and maintain plumbing systems. Assemble, install and repair pumps, valves, pipes, pipefittings, and fixtures composed of a variety of metals and materials. Cut, thread and weld pipes. Maintain campus swimming pools. Advise on the selection, ordering and storage of plumbing equipment. Inspect completed work for conformance with specifications, requirements and compliance with applicable building and safety codes and regulations. Estimate cost, time and materials for plumbing projects. Participate in the maintenance and operations of a plumbing shop. Maintain simple records and generate reports as required. Respond to emergency, urgent, routine and after hour plumbing service calls throughout the Hayward, Concord campuses and Student Housing as needed. Inspect completed work for conformance with specifications, requirements and compliance with applicable building and safety codes and regulations; Inspect related work performed by contractors; estimate cost, time and materials for plumbing projects; participate in the maintenance and operations of a plumbing shop. Maintain and service tools and equipment used in the performance of duties; perform all work in accordance with established safety procedures; maintain a safe and clean work environment; maintain records and retrieve data related to work performed using the TMA system; consult and work with other trades workers as needed. Requires thorough knowledge of the methods, materials, tools and equipment used in the plumbing trade; a base knowledge of the operation of building automation systems; and a thorough knowledge of applicable state and federal health and safety orders and regulations pertaining to the plumbing trade, including the California State Safety Orders of the Division of Industrial Safety and the California State Plumbing codes. Work requires thorough knowledge of the methods, materials, tools and equipment used in the plumbing trade A base knowledge of the operation of building automation systems;  A thorough knowledge of applicable state and federal health and safety orders and regulations pertaining to the plumbing trade, including the California State Safety Orders of the Division of Industrial Safety and the California State Plumbing codes. Must be able to perform skilled plumbing work on all applicable equipment and systems;  Perform applicable welding work;  Obtain necessary backflow prevention licenses;  Make rough sketches of plumbing installations;  Read and work from blueprints, plans, drawings and specifications;  Estimate materials and labor cost of standard plumbing maintenance and repair work;  Maintain records and retrieve data related to work performed using manual and/or computerized record-keeping systems;  Provide instruction to unskilled and semi-skilled assistants;  Analyze and respond appropriately to emergency situations;  Prepare standard reports;  Read and write at the level appropriate to the position;  Perform arithmetic calculations as required by the position.  Incumbents may be required to possess a California Driver’s License valid for the operation of any vehicle or equipment they are required to maintain and operate. Employee must be able to work in high locations on ladders, scaffolds, motorized equipment, etc. Employee must be able to work in confined spaces. Employee must be able to work in varying climatic conditions, to include inclement weather. Employee must be able to wear a respirator. Some work on weekends and holidays may be required, and the workweek will be adjusted accordingly. May be required to work alone if working conditions dictates. Position may be needed during campus emergencies such as power outages, minor and major natural disasters, pandemics, etc.