 The major responsibilities of this position are listed below. For more detailed information, please review the job description. COMPETENCIES The following list represents the core competencies needed for success in this position. Possession of a valid Class C California Driver's License is required at time of appointment and as a condition of continued employment.  May be subject to 24-hour emergency call outs; therefore, must be able to be reached by telephone at all times.  May be required to work day or swing shifts including weekends. Work schedule may also require overtime on an as needed basis.  As of September 3, 2021, anyone hired with the City of Pasadena must be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 before starting work. The City encourages applicants to get a free vaccination at a place of their choice or at walk-in clinics in Pasadena. A candidate’s vaccination status will be reviewed as part of the post-offer pre-employment physical examination. Exemptions to the mandatory vaccination policy may be available for a medical, disability, or sincerely held religious belief.  Participates in skilled plumbing work assignments in the repair, maintenance and installation of gas and water piping, valves, faucets, lavatories, and sanitary plumbing fixtures.  Cuts and threads pipe; fabricates joints, fittings, and fixtures.  Assists in reviewing plans and specifications of new and remodeling construction projects.  Operates power cutter and threader.  Assists in compiling material and labor takeoffs to accurately determine project costs.  Assists in training and reviewing the work performance of subordinate employees.  Estimates costs of work projects and charges materials, time, and equipment to proper accounts.  Assures that safety rules and regulations are observed within the team.  Teamwork – Collaborating with others to achieve shared goals.  Customer Focus – Attending to the needs and expectations of customers.  Professional & Technical Expertise – Applying technical subject matter to the job.  Safety Focus - Showing vigilance and care in identifying and addressing health risks and safety hazards.  Decision Making – Choosing optimal courses of action in a timely manner.