 JOB SUMMARY  Under the direction of the Physical Plant Mechanic Supervisor, provide journey-level Plumbing experience.  POSITION INFORMATION PHYSICAL DEMANDS  WORK ENVIRONMENT   QUALIFICATIONS  Required:   Preferred: SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS  Background Check  This position is a critical position and subject to a background check. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of background investigation including criminal history and identity checks. This position is subject to the California Department of Motor Vehicles Pull Notice System. This position requires a Pre-Employment Physical.  The University of California has implemented a SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) Vaccination Program SARS-CoV-2 Vaccination Policy (ucop.edu) covering all employees. To be compliant with the policy, employees must submit proof of vaccination or a University-approved exception or deferral.  Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging  At UC Davis, we’re solving life’s most urgent challenges to bring a fuller, healthier, and more resilient world within reach. We grow from every challenge we take on and we don’t just maintain - we improve.  We recognize that creating an inclusive and intellectually vibrant organization means understanding and valuing both our individual differences and our common ground. The most comprehensive solutions come from the most diverse minds and you belong here.  As you consider joining UC Davis, please explore our Principles of Community, our Clinical Strategic Plan and strategic vision for research and education, and our latest efforts to outgrow the expected.  The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer advancing inclusive excellence. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or other protected categories covered by the UC nondiscrimination policy. Climb ladders, on top of machinery and equipment, crawl, stoop, bend and work in confined spaces such as attics and sewer manholes.  Lift and maneuver up to 50lbs; items such as large pipe wrenches, sewer cable, sewer cleaning equipment, large pipes, pumps, toilets and sinks. This position is subject to Medical Surveillance procedures and review in accordance with Federal and State Laws and Regulations and University Policy. This position is subject to completion of a Pre-Placement Medical Exam provided by Employee Health Services at no charge to the applicant. Work with or be in areas where hazardous materials and/or infectious diseases are present. Specific hazards include but are not limited to: asbestos, PCB’s radioactive materials, industrial and laboratory chemicals, fuels, solvents, infectious materials and wastes, biological hazards and other materials labeled hazardous. Requires use of respirator and protective clothing. Must possess and maintain a valid California Driver’s License. Participate in the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) Pull Notice System. Work a non-standard work schedule that includes nights, weekends, or alternative schedules such as 80 hours in 8 or 9 shifts instead of 10. Supports critical campus functions operating 24 hours per day, 365 days per year. Required to participate in an ‘on call’ program to facilitate timely return of staff to the campus as required to meet critical needs. The on call program requires employee to inform the University how they can be reached during non-working hours, to carry University provided radios, cell phones, pagers or other telecommunications equipment which would facilitate communication between the campus and employee during non-work hours, or to accept rotating on-call responsibility which could periodically restrict the off-campus movements of the employee. If the employee’s non-working hour movements are restricted by the University, employees will be compensated for their ‘On-Call’ time according to the established on call rates. If actually called into work, the employee will be compensated according to the established campus policies. Employees may also be required to return after an assigned shift due to business necessity or emergencies. Compensation for ‘Call-Back’ will be in accordance with campus policies. The Smoke and Tobacco Free Environment policy is intended to provide a healthier, safer, and more productive work and learning environment for the entire UC community. The University of California prohibits smoking and tobacco use at all University owned or leased properties, or facilities operated by UC staff or faculty. Smoking and tobacco use are strictly prohibited in indoor and outdoor spaces, parking lots, residential space, and University vehicles. https://ucdavispolicy.ellucid.com/documents/view/271 Must possess a certificate of completion from a recognized union apprenticeship program, University apprenticeship program, accredited trade school or have the equivalent amount of experience and training comparable to a journey level craftsperson in Plumbing. Non-certified applicants will have their training and experience evaluated by a Credentials Committee of Facilities Services Senior Superintendents and Senior Engineers to determine journey level status. Journey level knowledge and experience in the Plumbing trade and related practices. Fabricate, maintain, service, repair, replace, install and/or alter Plumbing and other campus systems related to craft functions. Inspect and perform preventive maintenance program on Plumbing and other campus systems related to craft functions. Interact orally or through written communications. Analytical skill to understand and interpret technical data and mechanical and structural specifications and blueprints. Skill to provide clearly written & understandable communications, reports & instructions. Computer skills to manage work assignments; plan, track, manage costs and schedules Knowledge of Building codes regarding installation of Plumbing systems. Knowledge of approved safety devices and practices. 