  CLASSIFICATION STANDARDS Positions allocable to this class typically report to a Senior Plumber or higher level craft supervisor and use a variety of hand tools and power equipment in the installation, alteration, maintenance, or repair of plumbing fixtures or systems. Incumbents are required to have a working knowledge of plumbing sufficient to independently perform all the essential elements of work common to the plumbing craft and sufficient to train and provide technical supervision for apprentices and helpers. Incumbents are also required to have a working knowledge of the Uniform Plumbing Code related to their craft. Installs piping for hot and cold water, waste sewage, vent and leader lines, gas, compressed air, etc.  Installs and inspects piping of all types of materials subject to the plumbing code.  Installs or assembles fixtures and appliances connected to plumbing and drainage systems.  Locates and removes stoppage in waste lines.  Inspects water mains, fire hydrants, and service lines.  Determines reasons for operating malfunctions in piping systems and makes appropriate repairs.  Maintains tools and equipment used in the plumbing trade in a safe, working condition.  Assists and consults with other plumbers and trades people.  Performs brazing and soldering work connected with plumbing.  Drives automotive equipment in order to transport tools, equipment, materials, and personnel. EXAMINATION CONTENT This examination will consist of an interview covering training, experience and general ability to perform the duties of the position weighted 100%.  CANDIDATES MUST ACHIEVE A PASSING SCORE OF 70% OR HIGHER ON THE EXAMINATION IN ORDER TO BE PLACED ON THE ELIGIBLE REGISTER.  ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION The names of candidates receiving a passing grade in the examination will be placed on the eligible register in the order of their score group for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of promulgation. Applications will be processed on an as-received basis and promulgated to the eligible register accordingly.  SPECIAL INFORMATION SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES MUST COMPLETE A THOROUGH BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION, INCLUDING FINGERPRINT SEARCH. Examples of disqualifying factors include: Any felony convictions; job related misdemeanor convictions; certain serious traffic convictions or patterns of traffic violations (3 moving violations in one year; failure to appear; at fault accidents; suspended license; driving under the influence); poor credit history; poor employment history; substance abuse; anyone on probation.  ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY IF HIRED The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department (Department) has a "zero tolerance" policy for its employees for the following: Journey-level experience is defined as possessing the required knowledge, skills, and training to perform a full-range and diversity of work independently and reliably. Positions at this level operate with fairly significant freedom from day-to-day supervision and need little or no guidance on such matters as selecting appropriate problem solving methods and techniques, locating appropriate regulation, or applying proper procedures to carry out work.  use of narcotics, controlled substances, and/or prescription drugs without a prescription.  use of marijuana with or without a prescription.  Please note that ALL information included in the application materials is subject to VERIFICATION at any point during the examination and hiring process, including after an appointment has been made.  FALSIFICATION of any information may result in DISQUALIFICATION or RESCISSION OF APPOINTMENT.  Utilizing VERBIAGE from Class Specification and Minimum Requirements serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to demonstrate that you meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED.  All notices including invitation letters, result letters and notices of non-acceptance will be sent electronically to the email address provided on the application. It is important that you provide a valid email address. Please add selockwo@lasd.org as well as noreply@governmentjobs.com, and info@governmentjobs.com to your email address book and list of approved senders to prevent email notifications from being filtered as spam/junk/clutter mail. Please note, if you opt out of receiving emails, you can visit governmentjobs.com, log into your profile and check your inbox. The inbox retains a copy of all emails sent, for your records.