 About CSUSB  California State University, San Bernardino is a preeminent center of intellectual and cultural activity in Inland Southern California. Opened in 1965 and set at the foothills of the beautiful San Bernardino Mountains, the university serves more than 20,000 students each year and graduates about 4,000 students annually. CSUSB reflects the dynamic diversity of the region and has the most diverse student population of any university in the Inland Empire. Seventy percent of those who graduate are the first in their families to do so.  At CSUSB, you can: Department Summary  Facilities Planning & Management is here to provide, maintain, and enhance the campus community in support of the University’s mission. Facilities Planning & Management consists of two divisions whose combined scope encompasses all aspects of Facilities at California State University, San Bernardino: Facilities Management and Facilities Planning, Design & Construction. Job Summary  Plumbers provide journey-level skilled trades work for the full range of skilled plumbing work on campus equipment and systems.  Employment Status: Full-time, probationary, "non-exempt" position (with the possibility of converting to permanent).  Application Review Deadline: This position will remain open until filled. Applications will be reviewed beginning on February 18, 2022. Work Schedule Key Qualifications Education and Experience  Experience: Any combination of progressively responsible training and experience that demonstrates journey-level plumbing skills equivalent to that acquired by completing a standard plumber's apprenticeship program.  License: May be required to possess a California Driver's License valid for the operation of any vehicle or equipment they are required to maintain and operate. Salary  Anticipated Hiring Range: $5,742 per month  Classification Salary Range: $5,742 - $7,414 per month Statement of Commitment to Diversity  In our commitment to the furthering of knowledge and fulfilling our educational mission, California State University, San Bernardino seeks a campus climate that welcomes, celebrates, and promotes respect for the entire variety of human experience. In our commitment to diversity, we welcome people from all backgrounds, and we seek to include knowledge and values from many cultures in the curriculum and extra-curricular life of the campus community. Our commitment to work toward an environment that values diversity requires that we create, promote, and maintain activities and programs which further our understanding of individual and group diversity. We will also develop and communicate policies and promote values which discourage intolerance and discrimination.  The concept and dimensions of diversity are to be advanced and incorporated into every aspect of university activity, including student life, the curriculum, teaching, programs, staffing, personnel training practices, research, community services, events, and all other areas of university endeavor.  Dimensions of diversity shall include, but are not limited to, the following: race, ethnicity, religious belief, sexual orientation, sex, gender identity, gender expression, ability, socioeconomic status, cultural orientation, national origin, and age.  The implementation of the Commitment to Diversity will rest with the university as a whole. The president, in addition to a personal commitment and involvement, may use the University Diversity Committee, campus administrators, faculty, staff, and students as well as other members of the campus community to implement effectively the philosophy and intent of this statement. Supplemental Information  A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the CSU. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the application status of applicants or continued employment of current CSU employees who apply for the position.  The person holding this position is considered a `mandated reporter' under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment.  California State University, San Bernardino is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, or protected veteran status.  This position may be "Designated" under California State University's Conflict of Interest Code. This would require the filing of a Statement of Economic Interest on an annual basis and the completion of training within 6 months of assuming office and every 2 years thereafter. Visit the Human Resources Conflict of Interest webpage link for additional information: http://hrd.csusb.edu/conflictInterest.html  This position adheres to CSU policies against Sex Discrimination, Sexual Harassment, and Sexual Violence, including Domestic Violence, Dating Violence, and Stalking. This requires completion of Sexual Violence Prevention Training within 6 months of assuming employment and on a two-year basis thereafter. (Executive Order 1096) Build your future Work with the best Be your authentic self Focus on you Make a lasting impact Work for a purpose that is greater than your own Bring everything you are, become everything you want Monday through Friday from 7:00 am to 3:30 pm, weekends and evenings may be required. Thorough knowledge of the methods, materials, tools, and equipment used in the plumbing trade. Base knowledge of the operations of building automation systems. Thorough knowledge of applicable state and federal health and safety orders and regulations about the plumbing trade, including the California State Safety Orders of the Division of Industrial Safety and the California State Plumbing codes. Ability to perform skilled plumbing work on all applicable equipment and systems. Ability to perform applicable welding work. Ability to obtain necessary backflow prevention licenses. Ability to make rough sketches of plumbing installations. Ability to read and work from blueprints, plans, drawings, and specifications. Ability to estimate materials and labor cost of standard plumbing maintenance and repair work. Ability to maintain records and retrieve data related to work performed using manual and/or computerized record-keeping systems. Ability to provide instruction to unskilled and semi-skilled assistants. Ability to analyze and respond appropriately to emergencies. Ability to prepare standard reports and to read and write at the level appropriate to the position. Ability to perform arithmetic calculations as required by the position.