 Are you an experienced plumber who isn't getting compensated for your high-quality work? Do you find yourself frustrated because your employer doesn't deliver on their promises? Have you had it with not having the resources and help you need to do a job right the first time? Are you tired of not advancing towards becoming a journeyman? If you're looking for a career with above average standard & resources, above average pay, and consistent work then look no further! We are looking for someone like you to join our elite team of plumbers.  Pay Range: $60k-$100k  Schaal Plumbing, Heating & Cooling is one of the fastest growing companies in the nation because we hire and train only the best. We consistently place in the top tier of companies in the Des Moines Register's Top Workplace of Iowa & Best of the Metro workplace rankings. We focus on treating our customers right and it shows with our 4.9 rating on Google! With over 70 years in business, Schaal has become "Iowa's most trusted". Our plumbers are some of the highest paid in the industry and they are honest and treat our customers with respect and dignity.  Our plumbing department is a pillar of the entire organization's effort to increase our customer's satisfaction. We are looking to add plumbers that love to solve problems and will do whatever it takes to please our customers. Plumbing experience is preferred but not required, along with a good attitude, a strong work ethic and great communication skills.  Responsibilities:  Additional Compensation and Benefits  Schaal Plumbing, Heating & Cooling is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Complete plumbing, and other related in home service calls  Stay up to date on current technologies and new products in the field.  Maintain high customer satisfaction by addressing any questions, concerns, or issues the customer may have.  Properly connect equipment.  Properly and efficiently document all calls/jobs to the company's requirements.  Responsible for a company work vehicle, parts inventory, and equipment assigned to company work vehicle. The plumber has complete responsibility for vehicle.  Performs all work to industry standards and maintains a professional manner and appearance at all times.  Complies with all applicable codes, regulations, governmental agencies, and company directives as related to building operations and practices safe work habits.  Establishes and maintains effective working relationships with associates.  Presents ideas effectively, both orally and in writing. Affordable Medical, Dental and Vision plans 401K with company match Short and Long Term Disability Plans Available $20K Life Insurance Policy Free to Employees 6 Paid Holidays each year