 Position Summary  LOCATION: Manhattanville SCHEDULE: Sunday - Thursday, 8am - 430pm  A Plumber is a position in the Facilities Operations department providing high quality and effective work that provides quick response to emergent issues and house calls throughout the Columbia University-Manhattanville Campus (CUMVC), as well as the preventive maintenance on the various plumbing systems on the campus. Responsibilities Minimum Qualifications Knowledge of and/or Training on the following: Physical Requirements & Environmental Conditions Preferred Qualifications Equal Opportunity Employer / Disability / Veteran  Columbia University is committed to the hiring of qualified local residents. Applications open: May 06 2022 Eastern Daylight Time Applications close: Requisition no: 525462 Work type: Full Time Location: Manhattanville School/Department: Facilities Operations Grade: Plumber 1 Categories: Facilities/Maint/Trades/RealEs Job Type: Support Staff - Union Bargaining Unit: TWU - B&G Regular/Temporary: Regular End Date if Temporary: Hours Per Week: 40 Salary Range: $37.04 Preventive maintenance on the various plumbing systems on the campus. Independently or under limited/minimal supervision and/or direction; troubleshoot/diagnosis, inspect/round, maintain, and repair plumbing systems, equipment, and machinery in good workmanlike manner while maintaining a high level of safety, reliability, efficiency, and cost effectiveness. HS diploma or GED Must demonstrate minimum professional proficiency in the English Language; as defined by the U.S. Department of State. Two (2) years internal experience as a Maintenance Worker Level 2; or external equivalent of two (2) years of experience as a plumber. Must be a quick learner and exhibit self-motivational skills. Adequate ability to discern colors for monitoring alarm conditions. Strong team mentality (ability to work with others). Well-refined interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate with all levels of staff, customers, clients, students, vendors, and management. How to read and interpret SDS information. Understanding of general vivarium, and laboratory rules and restrictions. How to identify a fire rated barrier and properly install fire-stopping materials. Must be able to work all shifts as assigned. Knowledge of building plumbing maintenance and repair practices. Must have experience soldering, brazing, and fusion welding. How to properly utilize lock out-tag out procedures for all energy sources (electrical, thermal, hydraulic, hydronic) How to properly and safely operate all hand tools, power tools, equipment utilized by facilities maintenance and repair. Responsible for obtaining and maintaining other applicable NYC Certificates of Fitness as required by the FDNY and/or other authorities having jurisdiction. Duties and requirements from Maintenance Worker Level 2 position still apply and must be maintained and current, as well as the knowledge applied to any future buildings coming on line General OSHA standards and requirements. Use of portable fire extinguisher. Hazardous waste awareness. Asbestos hazards and safety. Computerized Maintenance Management Systems (work order management system) Confined space entry procedures. Lock-out/Tag-out procedures. Description and use of fire stopping materials. Communication etiquette including phone, radio, and customer service. Hot work permits. NICET Certification in Inspection and Testing of Water-Based Systems - Level I Responsible for obtaining and maintaining other applicable Certifications as determined by management as the facility develops. This may include additional NICET Certifications, PBS Certifications, etc. Must demonstrate knowledge of all CUMVC's safety policies and procedures. Must demonstrate applicable institutional knowledge and practices of the facility and its operations. The physical and environmental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential responsibilities and functions of the job and are not meant to be all-inclusive. Use strength to lift and transport items needed to perform the functions of the job, with the ability to lift 50 pounds independently and support team lift with reasonable accommodations. Sit, stand, bend, kneel, crouch, and squat for prolonged periods of time and/or repeatedly over a required period of time. Reach with and work with hands and arms overhead. May work in an environment where a variety of pathogens, chemical substances, and gases are used for research. Ability to work while wearing a full-face respirator. Required to be Tuberculosis (TB) negative, submit to periodic TB testing, and a chest x-ray if a positive TB test is read. Able to perform work in power plant and campus environments. Employee will be required to practice the use of proper PPE when exposed to the conditions above including participating in pulmonary testing for the ability to wear respirators Hold and maintain an active Motor Vehicle Class D License. Understanding of Reverse Osmosis (RO), De-Ionized (DI), and Acid Waste Systems. Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness for Fire Guard (F-60) Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness for Using Powder Activated Tools (E-21) Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness for Torch Operations (G-60) Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness To Operate and Maintain Air Compressors (A-35) Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness for City Wide Sprinkler Systems (S-12) Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness for City Wide Standpipe Systems (S-13) Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness for Standpipe for Multi-Zone Systems (S-14) Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness for Supervision of Bulk Oil Plants (P-12) Hold and maintain Certificate of Fitness for Supervise Fuel-Oil Piping and Storage in Buildings (P-98) Hold and maintain PBS (Petroleum Bulk Storage) Class B Operator. Must be capable of performing fire brigade duties as assigned. Hold and maintain OSHA 10 Certification