 Summary: Provides and ensures seamless service and support to external providers referring patients to UCHealth ambulatory practices for consultation and/or treatment.  Work Schedule: PRN Days  Responsibilities: Ensures an extraordinary customer service experience for our referring physicians, referred patients, and internal partners and customers.   Develops and maintains an electronic databases that include referring provider details and an issues log to review and solve service delays.   Identifies barriers to meeting the referring providers(patients’)needs to solve problems independently. Utilizes escalation protocols when indicated.   Facilitates effective communication with patients, physicians, referral sources, and healthcare staff.  Within scope of job, requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgement and the ability to work with minimal supervision. Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and take appropriate action.   Requirements:  The pay range for this position is: $21.49 - $27.94 / hour. Pay is dependent on applicant's relevant experience. An annual bonus may be paid to eligible employees based upon organizational and individual performance.  UCHealth offers their employees a competitive and comprehensive total rewards package. Some of the many benefits included in this package are full medical, dental and vision coverage; retirement plans; paid time off; employer-paid life and disability insurance with additional buy-up coverage options; tuition and continuing education reimbursement; and a full suite of voluntary benefits such as identity theft protection and pet insurance. Our employees and their family members have full access to our Employee Assistance Program, which includes up to 5 free counseling visits and work/life solutions, such as one free legal consultation. In addition, other emotional counseling support is available depending upon their need.  At UCHealth, we do things differently  We believe in something different: a focus on the individuality of every person. In big ways and small, we exist to improve the extraordinary lives of all those we serve. As Colorado’s largest and most innovative health care system, we as a team deliver on the commitment to provide the best possible experience for our patients and their families. We foster a true human connection and give people the freedom to live extraordinary lives. A career at UCHealth is more than a job, it’s a passion.  Going beyond quality requires the perfect balance of talent, integrity, drive and intellectual curiosity. We are looking for individuals who recognize, like us, that the world of medicine is ever-changing and are motivated to do what is right, not what is easy. We support creativity and curiosity so that each of us can find the extraordinary qualities within ourselves. At UCHealth, we’ll do everything in our power to make sure you grow and have a meaningful career. There’s no limits to your potential here.  Be Extraordinary. Join Us Today!   UCHealth recognizes and appreciates the rich array of talents and perspectives that equal employment and diversity can offer our institution. As an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer, UCHealth is committed to making all employment decisions based on valid requirements. No applicant shall be discriminated against in any terms, conditions or privileges of employment or otherwise be discriminated against because of the individual’s race, creed, color, religion, gender, national origin or ancestry, age, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, genetic information or veteran status. UCHealth does not discriminate against any “qualified applicant with a disability” as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act and will make reasonable accommodations, when they do not impose an undue hardship on the organization.  AF123  Credentials:   Other information: Minimum Required Education: High school diploma or GED. Preferred: Associate's degree.  Required Licensure/Certification: None required.  Minimum Experience: 3 years of customer service. Preferred: 3 years of health care experience.