 The Department of Pathology of the Cleveland Clinic is seeking a Board Certified enthusiastic cytopathologist to join our practice, which is organized as a complete subspecialty sign-out system. We are looking for an individual who values working in a collegial environment at an institution with superb clinical material and collaborations with dedicated clinical colleagues. We seek candidates who strive to be an excellent cytopathologist with a strong interest in resident and medical school teaching and a demonstrated record in clinical or translational research. In addition, the successful candidate will have expertise in rapid on-site evaluation of lung, pancreas and interventional radiology obtained specimens as well as fine needle aspiration performance. 
John R. Goldblum, M.D. 
CHAIRMAN, DEPARTMENT OF PATHOLOGY 
This dynamic position commands a competitive salary enhanced by an attractive benefits package and a collegial work environment. A faculty appointment at a rank commensurate with experience is available at Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University. 
Click for more information on the Robert J. Tomisich Pathology & Laboratory Medicine Institute 
Cleveland Clinic's vision is to become the best place for care and the best place to work in healthcare. We are committed to providing a safe, stable, and financially fulfilling work environment. Even in these uncertain times, Cleveland Clinic is ambitiously investing in growth. Being a physician-led organization means doing what is best for the patients, every day. 
Cleveland Clinic is one of the world's largest and busiest health centers.Patients come to Cleveland Clinic from all over the world. We offer advanced treatment for all illnesses and disorders of the body. We enjoy a strong reputation for outstanding quality care. U.S News & World Report Hospitals ranking of 2021-2022 has named us the No. 2 hospital in the nation once again and No.1 hospital for Ohio and metro areas for Cleveland, Akron and Miami/Ft. Lauderdale. Cleveland Clinic's heart program has ranked No. 1 in the nation since 1995. 
We are ranked nationally in 13 specialties, including 11 in the Top 10 and eight in the Top 5. 
Other specialties noted for national excellence include ENT and pediatrics. Cleveland Clinic Children's offers highly specialized pediatric care in a family-centered atmosphere. It has been ranked the best children's hospital in Ohio by Child magazine. 
In addition, Cleveland Clinic has been recognized as the No. 2 hospital in the world by Newsweek's World's Best Hospitals 2021 list. 
Cleveland Clinic main campus and Cleveland Clinic Fairview Hospital are ranked internationally while five other locations are listed among the best hospitals nationwide - 
Cleveland Clinic was founded in 1921 as a not-for-profit group practice, integrating clinical and hospital care with research and physician education. In addition to our Cleveland location, we have Cleveland Clinic Florida, Cleveland Clinic Nevada, Cleveland Clinic Canada, Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi and Cleveland Clinic London. Take a tour of our main campus! 
Cleveland Clinic has more than 4,200 salaried physicians and scientists on staff, representing approximately 120 specialties and subspecialties. Patients came to us from across America and from more than 180 nations. We also lead an extensive system of community hospitals in Northeast Ohio called the Cleveland Clinic Hospitals. 
This system is made up of Cleveland Clinic Main Campus, Akron General Hospital, Avon Hospital, Euclid Hospital, Fairview Hospital, Hillcrest Hospital, Lodi Hospital, Lutheran Hospital, Marymount Hospital, Medina Hospital, Mercy Hospital, South Pointe Hospital, and Union Hospital. Ashtabula County Medical Center is also an affiliate of Cleveland Clinic. With approximately 5,895 staffed beds, Cleveland Clinic Hospitals offers broad geographic coverage, a full continuum of care, improved quality and lower cost of care to Northeast Ohio residents. 
Cleveland Clinic was named a top hospital and health system by Diversity Inc. in 2020. Companies on this list score well in talent pipeline, talent development, leadership commitment, and supplier diversity. 
Cleveland Clinic values a culture where caregivers integrate diversity and inclusion throughout the enterprise. We respect and appreciate our similarities and differences; they enable us to better serve our patients, one another, and our global communities. 
Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment/affirmative action employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. 
Smoke/drug free environment. 
Any application submitted without a CV will delay the review process 
Please be advised that all information entered in your application will only be shared with Cleveland Clinic and will not be distributed to third parties. 
Cleveland is part of Northeast Ohio which is composed of six metropolitan areas. Each of them provides affordable real estate, excellent schools, safe communities as well as an abundance of outdoor activities. Find out here how great it is to live in Cleveland! 
Candidates will only be asked to provide personal documents once an offer of employment has been made and accepted. Recruitment scams are becoming increasingly common online, with false advertisements and requests for payment or personal details claiming to come from reputable organizations. Please be assured that our physician recruiters will never ask for payment from candidates at any stage of the recruitment or offer process. 
Cleveland Clinic Health System administers an influenza prevention program as well as a COVID-19 vaccine program. You will be required to comply with both programs, which will include obtaining an influenza vaccination, COVID-19 vaccination, or an exemption. 
The policy of Cleveland Clinic Health System and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic Health System) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic Health System's Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days.

Cleveland Clinic Health System administers an influenza prevention program as well as a COVID-19 vaccine program. You will be required to comply with both programs, which will include obtaining an influenza vaccination, COVID-19 vaccination, or an exemption.


Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic Health System facility.

Please review the Equal Employment Opportunity poster

Cleveland Clinic Health System is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women / Minorities / Veterans / Individuals with Disabilities 
Cleveland Clinic Akron General Hospital 
Cleveland Clinic Avon Hospital 
Cleveland Clinic Florida-Weston 
Cleveland Clinic Hillcrest Hospital 
Cleveland Clinic Lutheran Hospital