 The Department of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery at the University of Virginia is seeking applicants for an Assistant/Associate Professor to join its Division of Laryngology and Voice Care. The ideal candidate will have training and experience with all aspects of laryngology, including a special interest and expertise in transgender voice. The position includes inpatient and outpatient responsibilities specializing in the treatment of voice and swallowing disorders, while working in a true interdisciplinary setting with experienced speech-language pathologist support. Other duties will include teaching and supervision of resident trainees and medical students. Preference will be given to applicants with a commitment to academic medicine as evidenced by contributions to otolaryngology-head and neck surgery, and with a special interest in transgender voice.  Candidates must have an MD and be board-eligible or board-certified by the American Board of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery. Completion or pending completion of fellowship training in laryngology is required. Evidence of academic productivity is highly valued. Rank and compensation is dependent upon qualifications, experience, and scholarly achievement.   For further information about the position, please contact James Daniero, MD at jdaniero@virginia.edu  For further information about the application process, please contact: Daniel Strong, Senior Recruiter, das6zb@virginia.edu  This position will remain open until filled. This is an Exempt level, benefited position. This position is a restricted position and is dependent upon project need, availability of funding and performance. The University will perform background checks and health screens on all new hires prior to employment. For questions about the position or the application process, please contact Daniel Strong, Senior Recruiter at das6zb@virginia.edu.  How to Apply:  Applications that do not contain all of the required documents will not receive full consideration, please note that multiple documents can be uploaded in the box.  Process for External Applicants: Please apply through Workday , and search for ‘ R0031705 ' . Complete an application online and attach a cover letter, CV/resume, and contact information for three references (name, email address, telephone number, and address).  Process for Internal UVA Applicants: Please apply through your Workday Home page, search “Find Jobs,” and search for ‘ R0031705 .’ Complete an application online and attach a cover letter, CV/resume, and contact information for three references (name, email address, telephone number, and address).   COVID Vaccination Requirement and Guidelines  Please visit the UVA COVID-19 Job Requirements and Guidelines webpage prior to applying for current information regarding vaccination requirements and guidelines for employment at UVA.  The University of Virginia, i ncluding the UVA Health System which represents the UVA Medical Center, Schools of Medicine and Nursing, UVA Physician’s Group and the Claude Moore Health Sciences Library, are fundamentally committed to the diversity of our faculty and staff. We believe diversity is excellence expressing itself through every person's perspectives and lived experiences. We are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, national or ethnic origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, veteran status, and family medical or genetic information.