 At Tocaya we use bold flavors and the best ingredients to proudly create our signature "Modern Mexican" cuisine. Our versatile menu is rooted in traditional Mexican recipes and naturally accommodates a variety of preferences including vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free. We are hiring Front of House team members for our restaurant! In this position, employees will serve as the cashier, the welcoming presence and smiling face of Tocaya who introduces our guests to the Tocaya menu and concept in a knowledgeable and approachable way and takes their orders. Once the order is prepared the employee will serve as the food runner by ensuring the food is prepared accurately and delivered to the correct guest. The goal of this position is to demonstrate hospitality to our guests, communicate well, and ensure we are exceeding expectations. To be successful in this position, employees must have extensive menu knowledge to be able to describe dishes to guests and help prevent issues with food allergies. This position also requires strong organizational skills to be able to complete tasks efficiently and pivot from one task to another as needed while maintaining excellent guest service at all times. Responsibilities Skills Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: Up to $18.00 per hour Benefits: Physical Setting: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: COVID-19 considerations:All employees are required to wear masks and maintain a high standard of cleanliness. Thorough cleaning is conducted nightly. Work stations have been evaluated and arranged to keep a six foot distance between employees whenever possible. Work Location: One location Build and maintain mastery of the menu including an understanding of food restrictions, allergies/allergens, popular dishes, and chef suggestions Read guest cues to recognize opportunities to assist guests and ensure guest satisfaction Understand the importance of FULL HANDS IN/FULL HANDS OUT - This means being able to multitask and move with efficiency through the restaurant, from FOH to BOH, vice versa, or in and out of the station Ensure all food items are delivered on time and in an orderly fashion Creating fresh and simple cocktails, specifically Margaritas. Maintain clean and stocked dining area and food service stations Excellent communication and customer service skills and a warm and positive attitude Ability to operate available equipment, such as cash registers, calculators, or scanners and math skills needed to make change or give refunds Must be able to stand for prolonged periods, to lift, push, or pull up to 20 lbs, and to perform repetitive movements over time. Available to work nights, weekends, and holidays as needed Dental insurance Employee assistance program Employee discount Flexible schedule Health insurance Life insurance Referral program Vision insurance Fast casual restaurant Quick service & fast food restaurant 8 hour shift Day shift Evening shift Monday to Friday Weekend availability Tips