 Bayberry Garden, the casually thoughtful restaurant from the team behind Bayberry Beer Hall, is looking for bartenders who can match our enthusiasm for the best in craft cocktails, beer, wine, and New England fare. You are engaged, enthusiastic, eager to learn and, thrive in a fast-paced, team-driven environment. You excel at completing work you can be proud of, in a timely manner, while being respectful of others’ time, space, energy, lifestyle, hygiene and humanity.  Candidates must be comfortable adhering to our COVID-19 guidelines and requiring the same for our guests.  From owners Tom and Natalie Dennen and located in Providence’s Innovation District, Bayberry Garden is devoted to impeccable guest experience, with ample outdoor seating, a locally-driven menu, and, international beverage program of thoughtfully crafted beers, wines, and cocktails.  This position requires a certain level of physical activity. Applicants should be able to stand/walk for 8+ hours, maneuver through tables and chairs, and, lift and carry moderate sized and/or heavy objects up to 30 pounds (for example, a case of wine).  Bayberry Garden is located at the Dyer before Ship bus stop, and is accessible via the 1, 3, 4, 51, 54, 58, 62, 72, 92 RIPTA bus lines.  Bayberry Garden is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, age, sex, religion, gender, transgender status, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability, genetic information, or other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state, or local laws. have at least three years of proven bartending experience (preferably high-volume) and 1-2 years of elevated/fine dining experience. love to learn and love to teach. be able to multitask and prioritize a high volume of tasks quickly and efficiently. work well and play nice with others. be outgoing, fun, and friendly with a great sense of humor. have a genuine curiosity for and appreciation of food, beverage, and hospitality. stay cool under pressure. ServSafe alcohol certification. sommelier or cicerone certification. insane Tetris skills.