  Making drinks to spec recipe.  Demonstrating responsible alcohol service.  Serving food.  Handling cash & other forms of payment.  Making proficient sales transactions - using a point-of-sale system.  Properly checking I.D.s – for guests who appear to be under 30 years old.  Maintaining proper cash drawer balances.  Directing guests to areas/restrooms.  Demonstrating impeccable product knowledge.  Suggestive selling - using proven techniques.  Maintaining a clean and organized bar area.  Maintaining proper product pars – through bar pulls & inventories.  Stocking liquor, beer, wine and glassware throughout the shift.  Properly labeling, dating, covering and refrigerating prepped items for the bar.  Maintaining a proper 3-compartment sink – properly sanitizing equipment, utensils, and glassware.  Performing opening, closing & side duties – setting up/breaking down the bar, cleaning glass/countertops, sweeping the floor, etc.  Answering questions - accurately and politley.  Creating memorable experiences.  Entertaining guests to create “Raving fans".  High School diploma or GED equivalent.  2 plus years of high volume bartending experience is required.  In some U.S. States, a food safety certification program is required to be completed before being able to serve food or alcohol, which may include a food handlers card (i.e., California law requires this).  Remaining calm in a hectic, fast-paced atmosphere.  Demonstrating a high level of organization, attention-to-detail and a sense-of-urgency.  Displaying a positive and outwardly friendly attitude toward guests.  Ability to move throughout the corporate office and cafes during visits (standing, walking, kneeling, bending) for extended periods of time.  Ability to sit for extended periods of time.  Ability to make repeating movements of the arms, hands, and wrists.  Ability to express or exchange ideas verbally and perceive sound by ear.  Manual dexterity, hand-eye coordination, and ability to work with hand above shoulders.  Ability to occasionally, regularly, frequently move objects (lift, push, pull, balance, carry) up to 10 pounds.  Ability to turn or twist body parts in a circular motion.  Ability to tolerate exposure to heat, cold, chemicals, and loud/noisy environment.  Ability to travel via auto or airplane for long periods of time.  Must be at least 19 years old to be employed.  In some U.S. states, a legal minimum age is required to serve food & alcohol (i.e., Nevada is 21 years old) – check with the person interviewing you to ensure you meet these requirements.  Follows all food safety & sanitation procedures.  Practicing all general safety standards.  Performing duties which require bending & reaching.  Maintaining a well-groomed appearance (“having a plan”).  Following all uniform guidelines.  Practicing all safety & sanitation standards.  Recycling products, where possible.  Maintaining HRC’s 5 core Values and Mission Statement.