 Grand Colorado on Peak 8 is seeking a Part Time Bartender to join our amazing team! Come work for The Denver Post's Top Workplace 2018 and become a part of something GRAND! $12.50 - $16 per hour plus Tips! Company benefits package which can include ski pass options, free sporting events tickets, and MORE! Please visit www.BGVjobs.com to apply!  SUMMARY: This position has the overall responsibility of the day to day alcohol operations at the Grand Colorado on Peak 8. Additionally, this position oversees the stock of inventory and supplies, delivering drinks to the pools and helps establish and retain relationships with owners and guests.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Including but not limited to:  This part-time job includes a benefits package of:  Follow all proper cash handling procedures including daily cash draw and cash reconciliation.  Assist in cleaning and organization of the Lobby bar area, lobby, Elev8 Lounge, pools and work areas.  Ensure bar area is sufficiently stocked with inventory.  Assist the GC8 Guest Services Team with inhouse activities and events.  Provide service to on property amenity areas.  Demonstrate strong menu and beverage knowledge.  Ensure rounds are being made to all common areas on property to ensure owner/guest needs are being met.  Enforce the GC8 liquor policy on property.  Help oversee stock of inventory and supplies.  Ensure compliance to all applicable federal, state and local regulations regarding food and beverage sanitation and safety.  Foster strong cross department communication and synergy.  Adhere to all state liquor laws.  Uphold Hospitality Standards, Company Culture, Department Core Standards and observe Company policies and procedures.  Be the “End of the Line” and resolve every situation inherited, not passing it along, whenever possible.  Follow up on any situation that is not fully resolved at the time of the initial request always giving consideration to what the guest or owner deems appropriate.  Strive to close the loop (alleviate or eliminate issues) on any situations that cannot be fully resolved.  Respond promptly to all email and voicemail correspondence.  Maintain a positive working relationship with all contacts, always being helpful and courteous.  Adhere to Company appearance standards at all times, dress in uniform and wear a name badge.  Attend and participate in company-wide training sessions and department staff meetings.  Retirement Plan Benefits  Sick Leave, parental leave, and paid volunteer time  2 years bartending experience preferred   Enthusiastic: Shows intense and eager enjoyment and interest  Dedicated: Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity  Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well  Team Player: Works well as a member of a group  Work-Life Balance: Inspired to perform well by having ample time to pursue work and interests outside of work  Flexibility: Inspired to perform well when granted the ability to set your own schedule and goals