 Brookhaven National Laboratory (www.bnl.gov) delivers discovery science and transformative technology to power and secure the nation’s future. Brookhaven Lab is a multidisciplinary laboratory with seven Nobel Prize-winning discoveries, 37 R&D 100 Awards, and more than 70 years of pioneering research. The Lab is primarily supported by the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) Office of Science. Brookhaven Science Associates (BSA) operates and manages the Laboratory for DOE. BSA is a partnership between Battelle and The Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University. BSA salutes our veterans and active military members with careers that leverage the skills and unique experience they gained while serving our country. Our organization fully supports service members transitioning from active duty to civilian life and pledge’s our commitment to actively hire veterans of the U.S. Armed Forces. Military personnel who have been formally trained or have relevant experience obtained while in service may meet educational requirements and are encouraged to apply for job opportunities at BSA. 
Organizational Overview
 
Position Description 
This job provides an opportunity to contribute to the several impactful projects and software systems. These include DOE ECP funded CANDLE, ExaWorks and ExaLearn projects. The opportunity to research and develop the next generation of middleware systems to advance scientific discovery on the largest computing platforms. 
This position is available in the laboratory of Shantenu Jha, a recipient of the Gordon Bell Special Prize for COVID-19 research related work - https://www.hpcwire.com/2020/11/19/gordon-bell-special-prize-goes-to-massive-sars-cov-2-simulation/ 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Position Requirements 
Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
OTHER INFORMATION: 
At Brookhaven National Laboratory we believe that a comprehensive employee benefits program is an important and meaningful part of the compensation employees receive. Our benefits program includes, but is not limited to: 
Help develop application and HPC middleware software frameworks. 
Contribute to interdisciplinary and community software development team. 
Promote the research results through scholarly publications and presentations at leading conferences 
Lead or participate in the development of related research proposals. 
Promote collaborative research with interdisciplinary research team 
Develop frameworks and libraries for high-Performance computing and Machine 
Learning applications. Integrate frameworks and libraries with scientific 
applications on DOE Leadership Facilities. 
 Bachelor's +5 years, Master's +3, or Doctorate in Computer Science/Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math, Physics or related discipline 
Experience in successful and modern software design and development and lifestyle methods. 
Python and C programming experience 
Experience with High-Performance Computing - principles, practice, programming and performance analysis 
Strong Software Engineering Skills 
Experience with Scientific Workflows and Resource Management 
Experience working in multidisciplinary scientific collaboration 
Track record of producing high quality software on schedule 
Doctorate +2 years post-PhD 
Appreciation for a range of scientific domains: high-energy physics, bimolecular, climate sciences, etc. 
Experience working in inter-disciplinary teams 
A degree in CS/CE in high-performance computing 
Experience in system software design and implementation of scalable systems Moderate domestic and foreign travel 
Medical, Dental, and Vision Care Plans 
Flexible Spending Accounts 
Paid Time-off and Leave Programs (vacation, holidays, sick leave, paid parental leave) 
Lab-funded Retirement Plan 
401(k) Plan 
Flexible Work Arrangements 
Tuition Assistance, Training and Professional Development Programs 
Employee Fitness/Wellness & Recreation: Gym/Basketball Courts, Weight Room, Fitness Classes, Indoor Pool, Tennis Courts, Sports Clubs/Activities (Basketball, Ping Pong, Softball, Tennis) VEVRAA Federal Contractor