 CESR, Dornsife College  Research Scientist (job code: 098028)  The Center for Economic and Social Research (CESR) at the University of Southern California has an opening for a Research Scientist in the field of Survey Statistics.  The new position will be associated with CESR’s probability-based Understanding America Study (UAS, (https://uasdata.usc.edu) and several NIH funded grants. The selected candidate for this position is expected to contribute to optimization of sampling, data collection, retention, and response quality of respondents to the UAS and similar survey studies. The individual will play an important role in a research group of about ten professionals tasked with continuous improvement of all aspects of our data collection process.  Within this broad framework, the individual will work closely with the other team members in developing innovative approaches, including computer/data science, in these general problem areas and publish articles in peer-reviewed journals and present at high-level scientific meetings and conferences, ensuring the consistency of the highest standards of academic publication and dissemination.  Additionally, a research scientist in this position is encouraged to develop his or her own research program and to seek outside research support.  Candidates should have a Ph.D. in statistics/biostatistics, survey methodology, engineering/ computer science, social science, or closely-related fields. The position requires excellent analytical skills and knowledge of statistical software (Stata [preferred], SAS, R, etc.), strong written and oral communication skills, significant knowledge of statistics or survey methodology, experience working on externally funded grants, a willingness to attract external funding, the ability to lead projects and proposals and work as a member of multi-disciplinary teams, and a commitment to effecting change through empirical research.  CESR is an interdisciplinary institute in the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences (https://cesr.usc.edu/). Research areas at CESR include work on longitudinal data collection, aging, children & families, development economics, education economics, behavioral economics, financial decision-making, social science genomics, health and health disparities, inequality, mobile health, self-report science, subjective well-being, and work disability.  Qualifications:  Keywords: Statistics, Survey Methodology, Data Science, Machine Learning, Longitudinal data collection, Response Optimization.  This is a grant funded position.  Salary range: $100,000 - $200,000 – annual salary will commensurate with skills and experience  Application Instructions:  Interested candidates should submit a cover letter, a CV, a sample of recent papers and the names of three individuals who will be contacted by USC for a letter of reference. Reference letters will be requested after preliminary review. In order to be considered for this position, applicants are required to submit an electronic USC application. Review of applications will begin as soon as possible.  USC strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity in employment. Women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic groups are encouraged to apply.  CESR has offices in Los Angeles, CA (on the USC campus) and Washington, D.C.  Performs other related duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.  Required Documents and Additional Information:  Resume and cover letter required (may be uploaded as one file). Please do not submit your application without these documents.  Job openings are posted for a minimum of (5) five business days. This job may be removed from posting boards and filled any time after the minimum posting period has ended, so please apply on the same business day if interested.  USC has excellent benefits, including health benefits for staff and their family with access to the renowned university medical network; eligibility for retirement plans with employer contributions after six months of employment; tuition benefits for staff and their family; free Professional Development classes; central Los Angeles location with easy access to commuter trains, buses and free tram pick up services; discounts to sporting and other campus events.  The University of Southern California is an Equal Opportunity Employer that Values Diversity. PhD in Statistics/Biostatistics, Survey Methodology, Computer/Data Science, Social Science, or related field. Demonstrated research skills, preferably in the form of peer reviewed publications. Demonstrated success participating in or leading research projects and grant proposals.  Resume and cover letter required (may be uploaded as one file). Please do not submit your application without these documents.  Job openings are posted for a minimum of (5) five business days. This job may be removed from posting boards and filled any time after the minimum posting period has ended, so please apply on the same business day if interested.  USC has excellent benefits, including health benefits for staff and their family with access to the renowned university medical network; eligibility for retirement plans with employer contributions after six months of employment; tuition benefits for staff and their family; free Professional Development classes; central Los Angeles location with easy access to commuter trains, buses and free tram pick up services; discounts to sporting and other campus events.