 Position: Computer Scientist, GS 7/9/11/12/13  Division: Little Rock Field Office  Location: Little Rock, AR  Working Hours: 8:15 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.  Salary:  GS 7: $51,209.00 - $66,567.00  GS 9: $61,226.00 - $79,595.00  GS 11: $67,240.00 - $87,407.00  GS 12: $79,363.00 - $103,176.00  GS 13: $94,373.00 - $122,683.00  In order to recruit and retain highly qualified candidates, selectees may be eligible for relocation or recruitment incentives. To be eligible for a relocation incentive, proof of change in residency will be required. Prior to receiving a relocation or recruitment incentive, an employee must sign a written agreement to complete a specific period of employment with the FBI at the new duty station. If eligible, selectees may be considered for additional benefits such as the opportunity to participate in the FBI’s Student Loan Repayment Program as well as cost transfer and limited cost transfer opportunities, contingent on the approval of the Human Resources Division.  Full Performance level: GS 13  Number of Positions Available: 1  Duration: Full Time/Permanent  Additional selections may be made from this announcement to fill positions within the same division when the position includes substantially the same duties, responsibilities, and qualifications.  Key Requirements  Mission Statement:  The mission of the FBI is to protect the American People and uphold the Constitution of the United States.  Major Duties:  Qualifications and Evaluations  Please make sure your specialized experience/requirement(s) can be identified in your resume. Applicants must meet the qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.  Your application will be evaluated and rated under the FBI’s Candidate Rating Procedures. Your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed in this announcement and will be compared to your responses to the online assessment questionnaire. High self-assessment in the vacancy questions that is not supported by information in your resume, and/or supporting documents may eliminate you from Most Competitive status.  Your application will then be placed in one of three categories: Most Competitive, Competitive, or Least Competitive. Names of candidates in the Most Competitive category will be sent to the hiring official for employment consideration. Veterans’ preference will be applied.  All applicants will be rated on the following Competencies:  Positive Education Requirement  This position has a specific education requirement; all applicants must verify completion of this basic educational requirement by submitting a copy of their college transcripts by the closing date of the announcement. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the above requirements provided you can show foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States.  BASIC REQUIREMENTS: All applicants must have a bachelor's degree in Computer Science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in combination of mathematics, statistics, AND computer science (15 of the 30 semester hours MUST have been in any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus). Courses designed to provide an introduction to computer science techniques and methodologies are acceptable; courses in teaching elementary, business or shop mathematics are NOT acceptable.  Specialized Experience (SE):  GS 7: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of SE equivalent to the GS 5 grade level. SE is defined as follows:  GS 9: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of SE equivalent to the GS 7 grade level. SE is defined as follows:  GS 11: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of SE equivalent to the GS 9 grade level. SE is defined as follows:  GS 12: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of SE equivalent to the GS 11 grade level. SE is defined as follows:  GS 13: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of SE equivalent to the GS 12 grade level. SE is defined as follows:  Education  All degrees must be from an accredited college or university. Education may be substituted for SE as follows:  GS 7: Applicant must have a bachelor’s degree with superior academic achievement or one (1) full year of graduate level education. Superior academic achievement is the completion of all the requirements of a bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university, which is based on (1) class standing, (2) grade-point average of 3.0 or higher as recorded on an official transcript, or as based on courses completed during the final two years of the curriculum, or (3) honor society membership.  GS 9: Applicant must have a master’s or equivalent graduate degree or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.B. or J.D., if related.  GS 11: Applicant must have a Ph.D. OR equivalent doctoral degree OR 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree OR LL.M., if related.  GS 12 and above: Education may not be substituted for SE.  How to Apply  For detailed instructions related to applying, uploading documents, withdrawing an application or updating your application, please review instructions on Must be a U.S. citizen Must be able to obtain a Top Secret-SCI clearance ALL applicants must verify completion of the basic education requirement by submitting a copy of college transcripts by the closing date of the vacancy announcement. (if applicable) Performs system and network procurement, installation, administration and security Develops and implements custom tools and methods, and uses, troubleshoots and modifies existing tools and methods to identify, isolate, preserve and analyze digital data Identifications, vets and implements new tools and methods Develops and uses basic computing environments for analysis Provides technical assistance in conducting interviews, searches and other investigative and operational activity; performs liaison and outreach Testifies in court Drafts documents on technical and other professional matters in varying degrees of difficulty and at the appropriate technical level Stays current with major new advances in relevant technology-related topics; provides guidance on tools and methods related to these advances Coordinates with private sector and other divisions to resolve technical and other relevant issues Analytic Thinking Problem Solving/Judgment Communication Technology Awareness Interpersonal Ability Uses existing tools and methods to identify, preserve, and analyze digital evidence Assists with implementation of custom tools, techniques, and procedures used to address unique investigative situations Provides basic technical and other professional assistance in conducting interviews, searches and other investigative, operational, liaison, and/or outreach activity Assists in drafting documents on basic technical and other professional matters Troubleshoots, and modifies as needed existing tools and methods to identify, preserve and analyze digital evidence Assists with the development of custom tools and methods to identify, analyze, and preserve digital evidence Assists in drafting documents on more advanced technical matters Assists others with basic system and network procurement, installation, administration, and security. Uses, troubleshoots, and modifies existing cyber tools and methods to identify, preserve, and analyze digital evidence. Assists with the development and implementation of custom tools and methods. Provides basic technical and other professional assistance in conducting interviews, searches and other investigative, and operation activity. Drafts documents on basic technical and other professional matters, and assists in drafting documents on advanced matters. Assists in coordinating with the private sector and other divisions. Performs basic computer system and network procurement, installation, administration and security and assists other on more complex matters Uses, troubleshoots, and modifies existing cyber tools and methods to identify, preserve, and analyze digital evidence Develops and implements basic custom tools Provides technical and other professional assistance in conducting interviews, searches and other investigative activity Drafts documents on technical and other professional matters, and assists in drafting documents on advanced matters Performs liaison and outreach Performs advanced computer system and network procurement, installation, administration and security, and assists others on more complex matters Uses, troubleshoots, and modifies existing cyber tools and methods to identify, preserve, and analyze digital evidence Identifies, develops, vets, and implements new tools and methods Provides advanced technical and other professional assistance in conducting interviews, searches and other investigative activity Coordinates with the private sector and other divisions to lead in the resolution of technical and other relevant issues Acts as a subject matter expert, and testifies as such in court Remains current with major new advances in cyber and technology topics and provides guidance, tools, and methods on addressing these advances at the National level