 Azure is redefining what is possible with technology—creating unprecedented possibilities to solve humanity’s most complex challenges. Our team combines hardware innovation with software technologies and Azure services to build innovative solutions to solve seemingly intractable problems.  Advances in materials have preceded almost every technological leap. Discovering new materials has been one of the most challenging and crucial problems for the advancement of society. In our team, we are developing state-of-the-art machine learning solutions for material design.  Do you have a passion for science and technology and new application opportunities offered by breakthroughs in computing technology? Join our team to develop the next generation material science solutions.  The job provides an opportunity to:  We are looking for a Senior Applied Scientist for Materials and Chemistry. You’ll collaborate with a world class team across various disciplines and drive impact on the future of computing within the team and with customers and partners. Work at the forefront of computing and intelligence for materials science and chemistry.  Work in a world class engineering team of engineers, researchers, architects, and leadership that will help you grow your career.   Work with other material scientists and computational chemistry engineers to design data infrastructure and pipelines for material and chemistry solutions.  Work with other engineers to design and develop machine learning solutions for material science and chemistry and launch them to real-world applications.  Work with partners and customers to create industry-defining breakthroughs.  Master’s degree or PhD in Material Science, Chemistry, Physics, or relevant field.  3+ years chemical or material industry experience.  Experience with large scale material data processing.  Good knowledge of industrial applications of materials and chemicals across different sectors.  Knowledge of computation and machine learning, and their applications in materials science or chemistry.  Demonstrate leadership in materials product or solution design and delivery.  Demonstrable ability to work in a multi-disciplinary team.