 Job Description & Qualifications At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation. 
Ford’s Research and Advanced Engineering team explores new vehicle and societal innovations that require some level of invention before they can be applied to our products and services. The team is building on a history of Ford innovation, including our invention of the three-way catalytic converter to modernize vehicle emissions controls in the 1970s and the world’s first rear inflatable seat belts in 2010. 
What you will be able to do: 
The Core – Artificial Intelligence – Machine Learning (AI-ML) research group, within Research and Advanced Engineering, is central to Ford’s vision of achieving industry wide leadership and is orchestrating the process of discovery through a transformative adoption of AI-ML across all engineering functions within the Ford product landscape. To this end, the Core-AI-ML research team, is looking for highly qualified and motivated individuals who are willing to work on challenging, multi-functional problems requiring discovery and fundamental research for delivering transformative and innovative technology. 
The Core AI-ML team is multidimensional team of experts and is tasked with conducting critical research for advancing the state-of-the-art in ML/DL/RL including topics like learning theory, data efficient methods, continual learning, robust AI etc. across multiple domains. 
The candidate will have a proven track record of developing and progressing a structured research portfolio to support developments in multimodal perception for vehicle interior monitoring for both L2+ requirements as well as for enhancing customer experiences. The candidate is encouraged to collaborate with leading researchers in academia, national labs and industry and be active in generation of intellectual property and publications and represent Ford at leading conferences such as, AAAI, CVPR, NeurIPS, ICRA, ICLR, ICML etc. 
The minimum requirements we seek: 
Our preferred requirements: 
What you will receive in return: 
As part of the Ford family, you will enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You will also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition. 
Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is available for this position. 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.

At Ford, the health and safety of our employees is our top priority. Vaccination has been proven to play a critical role in combating COVID-19. As a result, Ford has made the decision to require U.S. salaried employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, unless employees require an accommodation for religious or medical reasons. Being fully vaccinated means that an individual is at least two weeks past their final dose of an authorized COVID-19 vaccine regimen. As a condition of employment, newly hired employees will be required to provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccination or an approved medical or religious exemption. Auto req ID State Skill Team Sub-Component Virtual/Remote Position 
Lead research and development of the state-of-the-art in real time Low power DNN based computer vision applications for vehicle interior monitoring including driver and occupants for both L2+ requirements as well as for enhancing customer experiences. 
Develop an end-end workflow for integrating various aspects of a ML based solution architecture in a full design cycle that includes data definition/preparation/augmentation, model selection, robustness checks and model compression for deployment. 
Through self-learning and deep research develop new mathematical formulations and learning architectures as may become vital when dealing with atypical/new problem statements and feature constraints. 
Collaborate with application/product engineers in defining data needs, validation of solutions against real-world application benchmarks, quality and robustness checks and continuous improvement 
Present and publish in reputed conferences and high impact peer reviewed Journals. 
Publish internally and engage in internal knowledge dissemination through guiding, mentoring, and seminars as well as through any Ford learning and development programs. 
Develop a research portfolio for progressing external research with leading universities. 
Masters degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field 
1+ years’ proven hands-on experience (industrial and/or academic research) in developing and implementing Deep Neural Network models for Computer Vision problems 
1+ years’ hands on experience (industry and/or academic research) in the use of Python and a common DL framework (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, Caffe, etc.). 
PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field 
Experience in object detection and tracking, semantic segmentation, scene understating, multi-modal perception, time series (e.g., video sequences, etc.) and sensor fusion. 
Experience with vision sensor modalities such as RGB, RGB-IR, FIR, RADAR, LiDAR 
Experience building Deep Neural Network models using CNNs, GANs, Transformers, Self-Supervised Learning and/or Multi-Task Learning. 
Experience with camera-based sensor systems and joint hardware/algorithm design. 
Experience with 2D, 3D object detection and tracking, gesture recognition, depth estimation 
Experience in biometric computer vision applications including pose estimation, face detection, eye-gaze detection, drowsiness, head pose etc. 
Experience in image super resolution, attention mechanisms and interpretable AI, model robustness/generalization and adversarial attacks. 
Familiarity with Robust AI concepts around data completeness and drift and algorithmic bias and drift. 
Excellent problem-solving skills, innovative thinking, and ability to identify, propose and lead new research projects that have a clear near or far value add. 
Passionate about staying abreast of large-scale challenges and pioneering changes in ML and DL and their real time realizations for quickly establishing applicability to Ford engineering problems to create/contribute to the Ford’s strategic and leadership vision.