 Campana & Schott Inc. is the New York City-based innovation hub of the Campana & Schott Group, a privately held, 30-year-old management and technology consulting firm with over 400 employees across Europe and the US. We create tangible results for our clients by designing digital solutions including business transformation, digital workplace, customer insights and analytics and creating novel ways of working. In the U.S., Campana & Schott focuses on healthcare and pharmaceuticals, combining digital and technology innovation with change management and transformation to create new momentum. 
We are currently looking for an entry-level Computer Scientist to join our team in New York. 
Passion
We approach every single project with enthusiasm – we thrive on new challenges and taking the perspective of our clients and their people.
Diversity
We value the diversity of the people in our company – irrespective of nationality, family situation, sexual orientation, religion, or age. Our diversity benefits us all – we want to see things from your perspective!
Respect
We treat each other with respect and as equals – regardless of our age, position in the hierarchy, or role in the company. We’re all on first name terms and are always available for our colleagues. 
Join a dynamic team with a Start-Up atmosphere supported by strong roots of 30 years of successful business in Europe. If you are looking for a fast-paced working environment with exciting and innovative mandates around business transformation and if you are enjoying working closely with great colleagues and great clients, then this is a unique opportunity for you. 
Career Development
Benefit from joining our fast-growing U.S. team, take over entrepreneurial and leadership responsibilities, and shape the future of Campana & Schott Inc. In addition, take advantage of our generous personal training budget. 
Professional & Personal
You can expect excellent project work and a trusting atmosphere with your colleagues supervisors. 
Live Collaboration
Mentoring from senior professionals and engagement in an active exchange of knowledge with over 400 consultants worldwide in forums and special expertise groups. 
Great Perks
Competitive compensation package, great work-life-balance, regular team events and an annual company trip. 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, sex, affectional or sexual orientation. Do you have questions regarding your application?
 Please contact us!
 career@campana-schott.com
 Please visit us on LinkedIn Studying, experimenting, and contributing in fields such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and Natural Language Processing (NLP). Help to establish Campana & Schott Inc. as an innovation hub for the architecture and deployment of advanced analytics solutions and contribute to the transformation of the business to increase automation. You will serve as a quantitative expert by conceptualizing computational and math-related problems to answer business-related analytical questions at scale. Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Epidemiology, Biostatistics, or a related Quantitative degree from an accredited college or university. 0-2 years of work experience. Background in computer science, statistics, project management, consulting, or life sciences preferred. A strong interest in business transformations, project management, and agile organizations. Strong communication skills and a team-oriented mentality. Analytical mindset, entrepreneurial spirit, and self-motivated working attitude. Ability to effectively manage your time and tasks in a fast-paced environment. Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization. Willingness to travel. Must be able to legally work in the United States without sponsorship.