 If you were standing in front of a building that was on fire, would you rush in to save lives?  When making a tough call, does your gut win over your head and heart?  When playing Rock Paper Scissors, do you look for and exploit patterns in the behavior of your opponent?  When you open the newspaper, do you immediately go for the crossword?  Do you prefer the unexpected over routine?  If you answered Yes to any of these questions, then stop looking for a job! Join SMA for an adventure: • Take control of your career • Help accomplish great things • See the results of your hard work The Job: Computer Scientist  Computer Scientist: A Computer Scientist has the requisite education and credentials as an engineer, scientist or technologist contributing to the development, modification and improvement of hardware, software and related services. In addition to requiring an understanding of engineering and technical disciplines, these projects involve experience with requirements analysis, concept development, engineering and manufacturing. The expected degree of expertise varies by the career level.  Career Stage: Associate  Location: Live anywhere, travel nationally  Period of Performance: This is an open position  Pay: Project-based at approximately $38.38/Hour ranging from $24.25/Hour to $52.50/Hour USD (paid in the currency of residence)  Reference ID: O-013163.61  About Us: We are SMA, the leader in professional services for project-based industries. We help companies win in their markets by informing their strategic choices, improving their competitiveness, and performing on critical projects. Join our community of over 650 professionals like yourself—all confident in their capabilities and who want choices that will accelerate their career. We offer flexible work opportunities, meritocratic pay and benefits. To learn more about SMA, please visit our website at www.smawins.com, and follow us on Glassdoor, Facebook and LinkedIn.  About You: You have approximately around 5 years of experience in this role  You are relentless in solving problems, work well in teams, and enjoy a challenge You are a citizen of country where the opportunity is located or have to right to work in that country, and have completed the appropriate level of education in a relevant field You are looking for adventure! SMA is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. As a condition of employment SMA will require proof of your legal ability to work in the United States and conduct a background check and drug test. If employment is for a location outside of the US, proof of work permit or other legal ability to work in that country is required.  COVID-19 continues to significantly impact our employees, families, and communities. With employee health and safety as our top priority, and as a federal contractor, SMA, Inc. is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty COVID variants pose in the workplace and ensure we meet our commitments to national security.   You may be required to provide evidence of COVID-19 vaccination and/or agree to follow safety protocols to comply with the requirements of SMA clients, and government executive orders, laws, or regulations.