 We are looking for a few Customer Service Representatives to join our team of incredible people. Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to build strong relationships with their customers. We want people who have an excellent personality, empathy and strong work ethic. Our people are our greatest asset. Once you join our team, we invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. About You:  About The Job:  About The Benefits:  Learn, Lead & Grow at  Sitel Group®  We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves.  About  Sitel Group®  As a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® empowers brands to build stronger relationships with their customers by creating meaningful connections that boost brand value. With 100,000 people around the globe – working from home or from one of our CX hubs – we securely connect best-loved brands with their customers over 4.5 million times every day in 50+ languages. Whether digital or voice-based, our solutions deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. Our award-winning culture is built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience.   Learn more at www.sitel.com and connect with us on Facebook,  LinkedIn  and  Twitter.  At Sitel, our talent is our strategic differentiator. By bringing a diversity of perspective through our people and ideas, we create an environment of support and learning where all of our differences are valued. Sitel is proud to be an Equal Opportunity workplace. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $14.00 - $17.00 per hour Education: Work Location: One location You have the ability to multi-task You are eager to advance your career with a reliable company You can problem solve with a can-do attitude You enjoy working with a team as well as independently You are 18+ years of age You have a high school diploma (higher education preferred) You pass a criminal background check Handle inbound service calls Drive customer satisfaction through voice, chat, and/or email communications Navigate through multiple systems Ongoing training and skill development Paid professional training Employee discounts 401K retirement plan with company match Growth opportunities through various development programs SitelFit wellness program Job stability Life-long skills and experience Excellent work culture GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training, and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills, and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there.  BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so.  WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts.  MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest, and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences, and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group.  High school or equivalent (Preferred)