 *480 reviews with a 4.8 overall rating! Come join our fabulous team and help us get to 600 reviews* Updated 2/25/22 The Cleaning Force:  We are a company built on a foundation of trust and great service. We are a family owned company that offers trustworthiness, honesty, integrity, a “blue collar” mentality. We are a young, tech-savvy company that encourages Autonomy and Mastery of your Position while allowing you to work with Purpose. DO YOU WANT TO:  The Cleaning Force - Winner of “Best of McKinney“ in 2020 We are honored to be partners of Cleaning For A Reason, providing free house cleaning for patients undergoing chemotherapy, as well as our well-deserving first responders of Collin County! We need someone with a forward-thinking, organized mindset to help us as we grow to the next level. We have roughly 20+ technicians and service up to 80+ homes per day. Finding better processes and implementing them will be the key to success in this position. We are looking for someone that is collaborative, open, transparent, and community-driven. Happiness and culture are ESSENTIAL and are our greatest assets! DETAILS ABOUT THE JOB:  This job would be a great fit for someone with experience as: Call Center Representative, Call Center Agent, Real Estate Assistant, Administrative Assistant, Hospital Administration, Office Clerk with a strong emphasis on high-level customer satisfaction. If you feel you'd be a great fit, we'd love you to apply to be a part of our Customer Service team! We look forward to meeting you! Skills Required:  Inside/inbound sales, customer service, computer skills, articulate verbally and in correspondence, phone skills. Responsibilities - Sales Provide phone quotes and respond to quote requests from our website, YELP, Angie’s List, etc. Follow up on and nurture quotes. Make sales (convert leads into sales). Enter all quotes and bookings into database. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $18.00 - $23.00 per hour Benefits: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: Work Location: One location Work for a great company that loves to have fun! Let's do it! Work in a fun, high-paced environment. Your role will be key! Work for a company with an AMAZING Culture. AMAZING culture starts at the top! Have a true work/life balance where weekends and nights are NEVER required Work for a company with great morals and a great working environment, guaranteed! Work for a company using the latest technology and software You will be responsible for most of the day-to-day soft sales of the company. Quality, and Employee Culture/Morale. Strong independent worker who can prioritize the "next big thing" Love people and have the ability to connect with each employee on a personal and professional level. Ability to create a consistent happy workplace environment for our cleaning technicians, field supervisors, and logistics departments Basic knowledge of all social media platforms Self-starter with passion and purpose Be “Self-Organizing” with little direction Tech-savvy and use our technology tools as you go to help you manage and reach your goals. A proactive problem solver Thrive in a fast-paced, high-growth environment. Be ready for continuous change and lots of opportunities for personal and professional growth Hard work, motivation, and autonomy are a MUST! Employee assistance program Employee discount Paid time off Day shift Monday to Friday Bonus pay