 Want to earn up to $19.85 an hour? Join our Customer Service team, please see details below.  Fast paced environment, safety focused with no experience needed. Will train the right candidate! WAGES& BENEFITS: SITE INCENTIVES: WHAT TO EXPECT:  Role Purpose:  Process orders and prepare correspondence to fulfill customer needs. Responsible for providing product, service, and transit information to the customer and act as a liaison to facilitate issue resolution.  Key Accountabilities:  Required Education and Experience:  Our Organization is an equal opportunity employer. This position entails working with Customers and Carriers on a daily basis. Dealing with any order issues and some daily reporting. Competitive starting wages $17.85/hour plus $1,000 retention bonus Paid training Excellent Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits at a very low cost available at your 30thday of employment 401(K) with generous company match Paid vacation Paid holidays Tuition reimbursement program available after 1 year of employment Monthly attendance bonuses Quarterly quality and productivity bonuses Employee referral program up to $500.00 Employee appreciation events $1000 Retention bonus Dedicated trainers on all shifts to focus on your development Our program provides the tools and attention needed for you to succeed Safety committee - Help contribute to a safer workplace for everyone Associate Relations Committee - Have a say in improving our company Employee survey –; Help us get better Positive working environment with an emphasis on teamwork and innovation Career advancement - Our site places high importance on personal development and promotion from within Emphasis on work/life balance A family-oriented work environment A clean and organized facility……and so much more!  Resolve product or service problems: clarify the customer’s complaint, determine the cause of the problem, select and explain the best solution to solve the problems, expedite correction or adjustment, follow up to ensure resolution.  Maintain customer records and update account information.  Maintain financial accounts by processing customer adjustments.  Prepare product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information. Assist with order and product management.  High School Diploma or Equivalent  0-12 months of system, data entry or reporting experience  0-12 months of warehouse experience, preferred