 Description
 
Are you passionate about the patient experience? At HCA Healthcare, we are committed to caring for patients with purpose and integrity. We care like family! Jump-start your career as a(an) Customer Service Support Representative today with Work from Home. 
We are committed to providing our employees with the support they need. At Work from Home, we offer eligible colleagues an attractive benefit package that includes medical, wellbeing, dental and vision benefits along with some unique benefits including: 
Learn more about Employee Benefits 
Come join our team as a(an) Customer Service Support Representative. We care for our community! Just last year, HCA Healthcare and our colleagues donated $13.8 million dollars to charitable organizations. Apply Today! 
As a National Contact Center Management (NCCM) Patient Care Liaison, you will be responsible for providing and contributing to the company’s mission, vision, and values by receiving inbound, outbound and electronic requests to assist in scheduling patient appointments and services.
 What you will do in this role:
 Qualifications you will need:
 "The great hospitals will always put the patient and the patient's family first, and the really great institutions will provide care with warmth, compassion, and dignity for the individual."- Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr.
HCA Healthcare Co-Founder 
If you are looking for an opportunity that provides satisfaction and personal growth, we encourage you to apply for our Customer Service Support Representative opening. We promptly review all applications. Highly qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews. Unlock the possibilities and apply today! 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Flexible Spending 
Paid Time Off (PTO) and Personal Leave 
401K (100% annual match - 3% to 9% of pay based on years of service) 
Academic Assistance and Reimbursements for Tuition and Student Loans 
Employee Discounts including Tickets, Retail, Mental Health Apps, Education Apps, Identity Theft Protection etc. 
Home, Auto, and Pet Insurance 
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) 
Short Term & Long Term Disability coverage 
Adoption Assistance 
Legal Benefits and lots more! You will speak with customers, patients and stakeholders
 You will perform all components of call processing for inbound and outbound contacts while documenting those calls in the system
 You will ensure performance and quality standards are met
 You will receive constructive feedback and coaching
 You will demonstrate the ability to be kind, compassionate, considerate, approachable, friendly and open minded
 You will provide superior customer service to internal and external customers and patients
 You will support the vision and strategy of the contact center while positively promoting the services offered and elevating issues to contact center leadership
 Entry level knowledge required, which can be generally obtained through completion of a High School Diploma or GED
 One year of customer service experience required
 One year of experience using an internet-based software program
