 Customer Service Representative Starting pay of $19.64 per hour with competitive benefits that let you see the world: As the face of our customer, here’s what you will do:  Whether our customers are traveling for business or pleasure, you are the professional in the airport that creates caring connections and encourages an environment where everyone feels welcome, valued, and respected. You will be interacting with our domestic and international customers in our lobbies and at gates, helping them with ticketing, baggage, greeting customers as they start and end their journey and doing it with a smile. You will provide friendly, professional, confident, and informative service to help resolve customer travel issues and make their journey memorable.  What are your responsibilities: Qualifications Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT Travel: Fly United for free - domestic and international – and bring your friends and family too! Overtime + Flexibility: Opportunities for overtime and ability to trade shifts to work a flexible schedule. Great Benefits: At United, we offer a competitive compensation package, with benefits including medical, dental, vision, life, accident and disability, employee assistance program, commuter, paid holidays, paid time off, 401(k) plan with employee and company contribution opportunities, pension, and flight privileges. Benefits are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Grow your career: Opportunity to learn and grow into leadership roles with over half of our leaders starting in the operation. Up to $33.30 / hour: Seniority based pay raises with additional compensation for shift differential and overtime Interacting with customers in a kind and helpful manner is key to creating memorable experiences and building customer loyalty Stepping up and anticipating customer needs while maintaining a strong sense of responsibility when we have inconvenienced a customer  Working each and every day with a safety mindset by ensuring we hold ourselves and each other to the highest standards Navigating challenges by being steady yet adaptable. Maintaining composure and managing conflict and not taking customer frustration personally.  Working collaboratively with others, supporting your colleagues, and helping them be successful with new processes and technologies. High school diploma, GED or equivalent Minimum of 18 years old Comfortable working with computers, mobile devices, and new technologies Physical ability to stand and walk for an eight-hour shift, as well lift and handle baggage Must be able to obtain a SIDA badge and meet airport requirement for badging Legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship Must be able to meet the Company attendance standards and uniform and appearance standards