 Entry level Customer Service Representative  Salary  $45,000 - $55,000 a year  Job Type  Full-time  Number of hires for this role  4  Qualifications  Full Job Description  We're a leading consulting agency in the Southbend IN and Grand Rapids, MI area. We are looking to hire someone ASAP. We fully train from the ground up, so no prior experience is required. We specialize in developing management teams, trained from the entry-level in direct sales, to lead clients into new markets, cities, and countries.  Job Description  The key traits that make people successful in our company are a strong work ethic, the ability to work in a fast paced environment, and excellent customer service skills. In our experience, we have found that these are natural traits found within people that have worked in the hospitality and food service industries. If you are looking to step out of these types of roles and into a professional career while leveraging your natural skills, read on!  Positions Benefits Include:  What We Are Looking For:  Top candidates will be energetic, positive, passionate, and want more in life. We are proud of our company environment where team members receive positive feedback, positive energy, and a place to personally grow.  If you feel that you possess the qualities that we are looking for and would like to see if you are a fit for our company, APPLY NOW! WE ARE LOOKING TO HIRE ASAP. We will set up an interview with you at the soonest available date.  WE WILL EMAIL YOU BACK PROMPTLY, SO PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAILS FOR A RESPONSE.  Job Type: Full-time  Pay: $600 - $800 per week  Schedule:  Supplemental Pay:  Ability to commute/relocate:  Education:  Work Location: One location     59K9l5Vb7p 

 High school or equivalent (Preferred)
  High school or equivalent (Preferred) Extensive training No experience needed Leadership and development training Fast paced, fun environment Great weekly pay and bonuses Team player mentality Punctuality Strong customer service skills Basic computer skills Friendly personality Detail oriented  8 hour shift  Day shift  Weekend availability  Bonus pay  Commission  South Bend, IN office or Grand Rapids, MI office. Must be located in either South Bend, or Grand Rapids, or a city close to either one of those. Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)  High school or equivalent (Preferred)