 When you join Verizon Verizon is one of the world's leading providers of technology and communications services, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We're a diverse network of people driven by our shared ambition to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward - and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here.  What you’ll be doing... Your ultimate goal as a Customer Service Representative is to deliver a positive experience that solves customers' challenges in one call. And, while working to resolve issues, you'll also help to drive sales on products and services that will keep them happy and connected.  What's in it for you...  As a V Teamer, we're invested in you. We've got you covered with a total rewards package that includes up to $8k/year in tuition assistance, 401(k) savings plan with company match, 8 weeks parental leave, 50% off your Verizon wireless service, and more. View our benefits.  What we’re looking for... Problem solvers who lead with empathy. When customers come to us with complex challenges, you'll respond with patience, ensuring they feel heard and cared for. No two calls are the same, so you’ll know how to apply your resources to determine the right solutions.  You’re motivated by change. Whether it's using new tools to better serve our customers or trying different ways to generate sales, you’re up for the challenge.  Specifically, you'll need to have:  Even better if you have one or more of the following:  Where you’ll be working...  This is a work-from-home role performed almost exclusively from your home office with occasional in-person meetings and training. It’s important to have a private workspace free of distractions to set you up for success. We’ll provide:  You’ll need to provide internet service with a direct connection to a cable or fiber modem and capable of at least 25mbps plan minimum. Wireless connections, satellite or DSL are not acceptable.  Click here for specific details on Verizon’s home office requirements.  Ready to take the next step?  If you’re looking for a career that challenges and inspires you, apply today. Once you’ve submitted your application, you may be required to take an assessment (30 mins) and record audio responses to interview questions (30 mins). If you’re selected to move forward, one of our recruiters will be in touch.  Compensation Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, stock incentive programs, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we've got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances.  If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the starting base pay rate for this position is $18 - $19/hour. This is an incentive based position with the potential to earn more. The starting base salary will vary depending on your location.  Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our diversity and inclusion page to learn more.  COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement  Verizon requires new hires to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Verizon provides reasonable accommodations consistent with legal requirements (e.g., for medical, religious, or state law recognized reasons).  Willingness to work a schedule that is primarily evenings and weekends (and occasional holidays).  High school diploma or GED.  One or more years of customer service or sales experience.  Meet all home office requirements and be located in the state of Colorado.  Demonstrated self-discipline, time management, ability to collaborate virtually.  Experience resolving customer issues, billing, and/or handling product Q&A.  Interest in learning new technologies.  Experience promoting and/or selling products and services.  Demonstrated communication skills.  A monthly monetary stipend for internet service.  Computer equipment.  Desk and chair options after successful completion of training.