 Customer Service Representative Loyalty – Work From Home  Answer your calling and take the lead at our company from the comfort of your home. As a member of our team, you’ll redefine how our customers engage with the latest product offerings, media and entertainment. It’s an opportunity to be the voice of AT&T – a global leader in communications and technology, in a career where we’ll count on you to deliver a best-in-class customer experience.  In this role, you’ll cultivate relationships and retain customers. You’ll take an empathetic and consultative approach as you persuade customers to maintain their services with us through complex issue resolution. Your success will be dependent on how effective you are at transforming a frustrated exchange into an excellent customer experience. What does this require? Good Listening skills and the ability to communicate under pressure. Ultimately, your extensive knowledge of our products and services will determine how well you resolve problems and offer solutions to customers. You will also be required to:  So, what’s in it for you?  We’ll offer paid-training that you’ll be required to complete from home as well as resources to encourage your career growth. We also offer a competitive compensation package. This role starts up to $41,035 per year, representatives can earn up to $47,035 for total starting salary based on sales performance. You’ll also gain an amazing benefits package with medical/dental coverage, 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement and paid time off. Rounding out these benefits and perks we also provide 50% employee discount on: There’s no better time than now to dial into a career with AT&T. If you’re ready to join our team, let’s talk! Apply today. #virtualjob #virtualwork #connectourcustomers  WFH Requirements:  Efficiently navigate between multiple systems to resolve complex customer concerns as it relates to one or more products or services Uncover customer wants, interests and needs in each customer interaction to effectively save the product and offer additional products and services Demonstrate self-sufficiency through utilizing various support tools to research and resolve complex customer issues in a virtual setting Utilize virtual communication tools to engage your manager or support team for assistance Remain proficient in explaining customer bills as well as managing billing, rate plan and feature matters for one or more products or services Perform basic troubleshooting for one or more products or services Adhere to a set schedule including breaks, lunches and scheduled open time to ensure availability to answer the customer’s call and provide exceptional service.  This is a full time position (40 working hours per week). Hours of operation are subject to change, including possible Mandatory Overtime when business needs require. Current business hours are Monday – Friday 7:00am to 9:00pm and Saturday & Sunday 8:00am to 9:00pm CST Initial training/nesting hours are Monday - Friday 9:00am to 6:00pm (~3 months). Attendance is Mandatory Daily. Post training/nesting hours – will shift to later hours that could include Saturday and/or Sunday Note: Paid time off becomes available after 3 months of service Eligible AT&T wireless plans (up to two accounts per employee; up to 10 lines per account) and wireless accessories AT&T Internet (Fiber where available) AT&T phone & AT&T wireless home phone In order to qualify for this WFH position, you must reside in the following states: SD, IL, IN & WI Must have verified internet service with a minimum of 18 mb download and 12mb upload speed and an established dedicated work area (desk, chair, electrical outlet, direct LAN connection). Company will provide equipment (keyboard, monitor, computer, mobile device, etc.)  Must maintain workspace in alignment with WFH standards (e.g., technical, security, physical, noise levels, Clean Desk policy etc.) and participate in workspace audits (e.g., remote desktop observation, call and screen recordings, live webcam monitoring, pictures of workspace setup, video chats, etc.).  Be available, accessible, and accountable to work during established work schedules and shifts, follow technical support processes, comply with organizational security and compliance standards, trainings, performance management, recurring management routines, manual and automated remote monitoring policies, etc.