 Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team  NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.  The NIKE, Inc. Supply Chain team is the engine that propels product around the world. Supply Chain experts ensure that every year, almost a billion units of footwear, apparel and equipment arrive at the right place, at the right time. To ensure this complex job goes off without a hitch, Supply Chain teams work with a network of more than 50 distribution centers, thousands of accounts, and more than 100,000 retail stores worldwide — making the impossible happen every single day.  WHERE YOU WILL WORK This Job Opening is for the NALC Facility at 3100 New Frayser Blvd. Memphis, TN 38128  Shift: Saturday-Monday 6:00 AM-6:00 PM: Includes additional shift pay DC ATHLETE (SHIPPING CLERK I) Starting Pay: $19.40 per hour  As a Shipping Clerk I (DC Athlete), you will have the opportunity to work in Nike's world-class distribution centers. You’ll work in a comfortable climate-controlled environment where safety is our top priority. We’re also committed to helping you make sport a daily habit so our DCs also offer onsite gyms. Employees also receive up to 50% off retail Nike products once you join the swoosh team!  WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream, and create. Our culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination.  Learn more here about Nike Distribution Centers  WHAT YOU WILL WORK ON  As a DC ATHLETE (SHIPPING CLERK I) you will be responsible for:  HOW NIKE SUPPORTS OUR TEAM  Medical, Dental, Vision benefits  Employee Discount – Nike products up to 50% off retail  Employee product giveaways  Investment in your Education– Nike offers an online tuition paid degree program with the University of Memphis, which we call Lane Four. Nike will pay UofM directly, meaning you don’t have to front tuition costs, which makes participation financially friendly.  Childcare financial benefit  PTO (Paid Time Off)  Give Your Best – Charitable donation and volunteer program, with company match  WHAT YOU BRING Nike requires all applicants for this position to be vaccinated for COVID-19 as a condition of hire, unless otherwise required by law. As an equal opportunity employer, Nike will make accommodations to individuals who cannot be vaccinated in accordance with applicable law.  NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.  NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Create pallet IDs/pallet locations Accept cartons from the conveyor, sort and segment cartons/boxes onto pallets using RF devices Confirm pallets are complete (closeout) and move completed pallets to staging area for shrink wrap and storage Check pallets for carton count accuracy, shrink wrap pallets and place into pre-staging area Fluid load cartons from conveyor and/or pallets onto truck Research cartons in the reject areas Entry level position; no prior warehouse experience required Must be able to read and understand detailed work instructions to complete daily tasks Must be capable of working with RF devices