 We are seeking a Data Clerk to join our Data Analytics team. This position's ideal candidate has a high attention to detail and proficiency in Microsoft Excel.  Primary Responsibilities:  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:  Preferred Skills:  Education: High School Diploma. The ideal candidate will be pursuing a post-secondary degree in Business, MIS, or other related fields  Physical Demands: The physical demands listed below are required to perform this job's essential functions. Reasonable accommodations can be made to help individuals with a disability to perform essential job functions.  An employee in this role must remain in a stationary position 75% of the time. This position requires the constant operation of a computer. The employee must be able to communicate and exchange accurate information frequently.  What K2Share Offers You:  Location: Remote in Texas  You must be a United States citizen, be willing to take a drug test as part of the selection process, and submit to a credit and background investigation as part of the selection process.  The US Government restricts access by Foreign Nationals to certain types of technology and technical data. Consequently, this posting is intended only for US citizens.  K2Share, LLC is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected Veteran status. K2Share offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training, and competitive compensation.  This job description does not serve as a list of complete job responsibilities. K2Share management has the right to change or alter this job description at any time without notice. Perform web-based research and data mining Perform data entry tasks into both Microsoft Excel and Salesforce CRM Perform quality assurance on company records Update/maintain company records Other data-related projects as assigned Extremely high attention to detail with a focus on quality Exceptional time management skills Strong oral and written communication skills Proficient with Microsoft Office products, especially Excel Ability to work individually and as part of a team Must possess a high level of integrity, work ethic, and self-discipline Ability to consistently work 20-30 hours per week Experience with Salesforce or other CRM tools 401(k) plan with employer matching contributions Flexibility for those needing time off for jury duty, voting, military leave, etc. Wellness reimbursement program Casual dress work environment Any of our CareerSafe Online training courses for free to employee and immediate family