 Imagine...working for a company that knows that its people are the key to its success in the marketplace. A company in which achieving extraordinary results and having a stimulating work experience are part of the same process.  We cultivate and embrace a diverse employee population. We recognize that people with diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives fuel our growth and enrich our global culture.  We are looking for an individual who enjoys working in a fast-paced, team oriented environment, likes to be challenged, and values the opportunity to make a difference.  General Summary  The employee sales room is an employee benefit available to all three shifts, over-the-road drivers, office personnel and retirees. It is staffed Monday-Friday. Current store hours are 6am-6pm. This is subject to change based on sales volume and coverage needed on off-shifts.  Essential Job Duties  Scope of Responsibility  Sales volume $4,000/week. The store clerks are somewhat independent and need very limited supervision – mostly approvals.  Knowledge and Skill Requirements  Position requires good communication skills, attention to detail, self-management/organizational skills, and excellent people skills.  Education and Experience  High School diploma.  Physical Demands  Position requires the ability to speak, hear, walk with no restrictions, must stand for long periods of time. Must have finger dexterity.  Weight  Lifting (up to 25 lbs.).  Work Environment  This position works in a "store" environment. At times it can be stressful – particularly when employees are on their breaks and are somewhat demanding for quick service.  Travel Required  N/A  The Company is committed to providing equal opportunity for employees and applicants in all aspects of the employment relationship, without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, marital status, veteran status, disability, age, religion or any other classification protected by law.  In that regard, U.S. applicants and employees are protected from discrimination based on certain categories protected by Federal law.  50% of time is devoted to waiting on customers; 30% is spent making boxes (20 count and Chip Sample bags); 20% of time is spent up-keeping store.  Take inventory (weekly)  Fill shelves with product (daily)  Check expiration dates of in store inventory  Accept damaged goods from repack and QC areas; price product as directed from Ops Finance  Make 20 count boxes (360 boxes or more)  Daily order product from the warehouse  Count money; forward deposits to Ops Finance on Fridays  Unload incoming inventory items  Update information in Shopify system