 Filing Period: We are accepting applications from August 14, 2020 at 8:00 a.m. (PT) - until the needs of the department is met and is subject to closure without prior notice.  Type of Recruitment: This job opportunity is open to the public.  Exam Number: E9304R  Get ready to join one of the nation's largest county employer! With more than 10 million residents, Los Angeles County has the largest population of any county in the nation. As the largest employer in Southern California, with more than 37 diverse departments and over 2,300 different job descriptions, the County offers a lifetime of opportunities and careers.  Be part of our team.... We are the Registrar-Recorder/County Clerk and our mission is to serve Los Angeles County by providing essential records management and election services in a fair, accessible, and transparent manner. We are providing you with an amazing opportunity to join our organization of professionals committed to serving our employees, the public, and community. We seek to achieve accountability, professionalism, integrity, respect, and equity.  Make a positive change and join us! What will you do? You will collaborate with team members providing clerical services in the office of Registrar-Recorder/County Clerk. Your duties will include, but are not limited to: Minimum Requirement: No training or experience is required.  Physical Expectations: This job will require light physical effort (Class II) which may include occasional light lifting to a 10-pound limit; some bending, stooping or squatting; and considerable walking may be involved.  COVID-19 VACCINATION  All County workforce members must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment. Successful candidates for this position will be required to submit proof of vaccination against COVID-19 or request an exemption for qualifying medical or religious reasons during the onboarding process. Candidates should not present proof of vaccination until instructed to do so by the hiring department. Our Assessment Process: This is a noncompetitive assessment process and taking an exam is not required. The assessment is intended to merely qualify applicants. Qualified applicants will be added on to the list of eligible candidates.  If you served in the military and were honorably discharged, you may qualify for Veteran's Credit. We will need a copy of your DD214 or any official document issued by your branch of service to determine veteran credit eligibility. Please include it with your application or email the document to hrrecruitment@rrcc.lacounty.gov within fifteen (15) calendar days from application submission. Please reference the examination title and number.  The list of eligible candidates will be used for temporary employment only.  Eligibility Information:  Applicants will be processed on an as-received basis and promulgated to the list of eligible candidates accordingly.  Qualified applicants will be placed on the list of eligible candidates for a period of six (6) months from the date of promulgation.  Qualified applicants will be placed on a list of eligible candidates without indication of relative standing in the assessment process. The appointing power may appoint any one of the names on the appropriate list, except a person without Veteran's credit may not be appointed if there are three or more names on the list of persons entitled to Veteran's credit.  No person may participate in this examination more than once every six (6) months; doing so, will result in the rejection of your application.  SPECIAL INFORMATION  Fair Change Initiative: The County of Los Angeles is a Fair Chance employer. Except for a very limited number of positions, you will not be asked to provide information about a conviction history unless you receive a contingent offer of employment. The County will make an individual assessment of whether your conviction history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job, and consider potential mitigating factors, including, but not limited to, evidence and extent of rehabilitation, recency of the offense(s), and age at the time of the offense(s). If asked to provide information about a conviction history, any convictions or court records which are exempted by a valid court order do not have to be disclosed.  Vacancy Information and Available Shift: The list of successful candidates created from this assessment will be used to fill vacancies throughout the Department of Registrar-Recorder/County Clerk as they occur. Appointees will be required to work any shift, including evenings, weekends, and holidays.  What happens Next? We ask that you submit your application by clicking on the "Apply" button at the top of the opportunity posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website.  If you need assistance or have questions, please contact us using the following information:  Exam Number: E9304R Exam Analyst: Chelsi Serna Phone Number: (562) 462-2280 Email: hrrecruitment@rrcc.lacounty.gov ADA Coordinator Phone: (562) 462-2280 Teletype Phone: (800) 899-4099 Alternate TTY Phone: (800) 897-0077 California Relay Services Phone: (800) 735-2955  Serve visitors by greeting, welcoming, and directing them appropriately; answer phones and direct callers; and answer inquiries in person.  Proofread, review, and edit documents for proper use of grammar and content.  Search/retrieve records upon request and forward to relevant parties.  Index, code and cross-reference records or files according to established procedures.  Organize, sort, arrange and/or file records/documents/correspondence in alphabetical, numerical, chronological or code order; retrieve files on request and return them to the correct location.  Produce labels, licenses, permits, certificates, and fee receipts according to established procedures.  Receive incoming mail to open, sort, and distribute; Deliver mail and internal correspondence within the organization; and collect outgoing mail/packages and utilize postage meters/machines to weigh and affix postage; may serve as a delivery messenger.  Perform basic clerical duties such as issuing office supplies, keep track of data and records, and complete predetermined forms in accordance to established procedures.