 Do you have a friendly, enthusiastic personality and enjoy working in a team environment? If you share our values for team, people, and service, we encourage you to apply with us! The Parking Spot is the leading near-airport parking company at over 20 airports and is actively hiring for an HR Administrative Assistant to join our team near the Austin Airport!  Pay Rate: $20 an hour  What we offer:  Key Responsibilities:   Knowledge, Skills, & Experience Required:  At The Parking Spot, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate and seek it. Our values are “Team, People, and Service” and our “People” value statement guides us toward a workplace community that fosters more inclusion and belonging every day: “We take care of each other and do our best to make everyone feel welcome, supported, and safe”. To that end, The Parking Spot is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition, or any other basis protected by law. But not just because it’s the law, but because it’s the right thing to do. We hope you think so, too.  #NONSD  Immediate job offer after successful interview  Great tips and bonuses  Consistent schedules  Great benefits: Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k) plan  Paid Time Off, Vacation Pay, and Paid Holidays  Training and professional development opportunities  A safe work environment – here’s what we are doing to keep our employees and guests safe!  A team-oriented culture – here’s everything you need to know about our culture! Performs clerical duties including filing, report preparation, and phone coverage  Prepares Spot Club card information by stuffing envelopes and organizing  Follows all company policies and procedures as set forth in the Employee Handbook and Gold Standards  Performs additional duties as reasonably requested by Management, especially during downtimes  High school education or equivalent  Ability to verbally communicate clearly in the English language  A solid employment record and previous customer service experience preferred  Must be able to maintain a smile and courteous disposition toward external and internal customers