 The CPL/Jury Clerk performs a variety of responsible clerical duties pertaining to the application process for Concealed Weapon Licenses and for the 14th Circuit Court of Muskegon County. The CPL/Jury Clerk, under the supervision of the County Clerk, performs receipting of and indexing of CPL Applications; enters information on the State portal; processes licenses for mailing, performs jury selection and recording activities in accordance with Circuit Court procedure relying on communication from the courts if jurors will be needed. The CPL/Jury Clerk may be cross trained with Circuit Court Records or County Clerk office personnel to assist as needed. Be a high school graduate or have successfully completed the General Education Development test (GED); AND Have a minimum of three (3) years full-time responsible clerical experience. Physical Activities A CPL/Jury Clerk performs generally sedentary, or light physical labor requiring the lifting and carrying of objects weighing thirty-five (35) pounds or less.  Environmental Conditions This employee generally works indoors in the offices of the Muskegon County Clerk. EVALUATION CONTENT The selected candidate must take a post-offer medical examination (including back screen and complete physical) and drug screening test given by a County appointed physician before the first day of employment. An offer of employment is contingent upon the results of the medical examination and drug screening test. Applicants for County employment may be subject to a post-offer criminal background check, depending on the nature and assignment of the position. When such check is conducted, an offer of employment is contingent upon the results of the criminal background check. Appointees must satisfactorily complete a probationary period before the appointment will be considered permanent.  APPLICANT REVIEW PROCEDURE Any applicant is entitled to a review of any determination or action taken by the County regarding the applicant’s employment application. Inquiries should be directed to the County Human Resources Department.  PURPOSE The purpose of this recruitment is to establish an eligible list from which to fill present and future vacancies in this classification in the County system. For each opening, the Department Head has her/his choice of the candidates who meet the required minimum entrance qualifications. This list remains in effect for three months unless exhausted or extended.