 We may have opportunities to interview and hire SAME DAY or Next Day after submitting your application! If you are ambitious, local, and feel House Cleaning is a great fit for you, we'd love for you to complete the application and schedule an interview with us today!!! We are a Multi-Lingual company and welcome Spanish, Bi-Lingual, and English Speakers All Companies Aren't The Same - we know we may not be able to give you the best job in the world, but we can give you the best job you've ever had! Tired of being disrespected? ** Immediately Hiring - Openings Available as we are continuously hiring because of our AMAZING Green Frog family!*** Like meeting new people and seeing new places? House cleaning always brings a new experience. We are an essential business so we have kept our techs busy. Get to know new people (safely) and new places every day. Whether working individually or with a team member you will always be part of the family at Green Frog House Cleaning! BENEFITS:  THE POSITION : House Cleaning Technicians will usually be cleaning homes solo or with another Technician and will be responsible for customer service, quality control, and some reporting/paperwork at the end of the day. Great pay with bonuses and tips, flexible hours, a great team of positive people, and you'll get a feeling of accomplishment at the end of the day. POSITION REQUIREMENTS:  Lean about the challenges and how much you can make here: https://vb623mwc.pages.infusionsoft.net/''COVID-19 Precaution(s): Work Location: Work Remotely This job would be a great fit for anyone who has previous experience as: Day Care Teacher, Residential Cleaner, Hotel Housekeeper/Housekeeping (Room Attendant), Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA), Home Health Aide, Personal Care Assistant (PCA). Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: Up to $1,275.00 per week Benefits: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: COVID-19 considerations:We only come into contact with 1 or 2 customers per day. We generally work alone or with one other person. We offer free rapid testing for any employees who wish to be tested or who experience cold/flu like symptoms. Work Location: Multiple Locations Work for a company that cares about you Work for an incredible boss that respects you Work where employees are appreciated (Hey, we even get bagels and coffee for every team meeting) Work for a company with a great reputation for customer service (600+ 5-Star Reviews) Get paid what you're worth ( up to $1,275 weekly) Get Paid Weekly with Direct Deposit every Friday Work for a company with great morals Have a great working environment, Guaranteed! Get rewarded and recognized often No nights or overtime ever required Up to $1,275 per week. Plus tips/bonuses. Advancement Opportunities to Team Trainer with leadership training Tips! Many of our clients leave excellent tips for great service. Paid gas expenses for all work related driving. All cleaning equipment and products provided Paid Training All the Benefits of W-2 employment status. Including Medicare, Social Security, Unemployment benefits, etc. You will be an employee (not an independent contractor). 5 - 8 days paid sick leave per year. One week+ paid vacation per year. In depth training program and personal development. Paid Medical Insurance reimbursement after 1 year. Hard physical work. Think getting paid to work out! Able to lift 50 lbs. and perform very physically demanding aspects of the job Excellent sales and customer service skills. Driving. We drive all over San Diego County to service clients. Have a vehicle to use for work. The job will be about 20% driving. Have a smartphone with internet. For constant communication with the office and clients. Pass a background check. Remote interview process Personal protective equipment provided or required Social distancing guidelines in place Virtual meetings Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place Multiple locations No 401(k) 401(k) matching Employee discount Flexible schedule Paid time off Retirement plan 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Weekend availability Bonus pay Tips