 About the job:  We are searching for positive, growth minded, go getters who take pride in going above and beyond in their work. This is a physically active job where you will be responsible for cleaning, vacuuming, washing, dusting, mopping and sanitizing all areas and surfaces of our clients’ homes. Basically you will be getting paid to get in shape while helping make people’s lives a little easier! What does it pay? We pay between of $19-23 per hour for your first year, depending on your availability. Full time staff will average $770 per week, plus tips, bonuses, yearly raises, travel pay and mileage. In lieu of performance based bonuses you may opt for a child care stipend, to help offset the cost of working! At Above the Line, our mission is to create an environment where both staff and clients thrive, so your hours, pay and benefits can be custom tailored to meet your specific goals and needs. Why work with us? We believe if our employees are supported and happy, they’ll do their work with passion while we help them accomplish their goals and dreams. We also understand what it takes to be a good cleaning technician, which is why we respect, value and pay very well for integrity, conscientiousness, and quality. At Above the Line Cleaning you will: · Get paid and learn: Your training will be paid, and you will receive a hiring bonus after 90 days. · Be paid for performance. You can earn a full-time paycheck working less than 40 hours a week. · Be confident in your job security. We are considered essential labor! It’s the best time to join us, and it’s a job that will always be needed. · Enjoy a family-friendly schedule: No nights or weekends required! You can be off in time to pick up your kids from school, take pre-approved days off for personal appointments, and eligible for sick leave, vacation leave, birthdays & anniversaries off with pay · Receive a weekly paycheck · Be provided with all of the tools, supplies and resources you need · Have discounted access to health and lifestyle benefit programs · Benefit from performance based rewards and incentives, weekly treat days, monthly hangouts where we get together for and enjoy some delicious snacks, drinks, and each other's company. Most importantly, you get to work with some awesome people who truly care about you, your goals and aspirations, and want to make this the best job you’ve ever had! Questions you may have:  Do I work alone or on a team? Cleaning jobs may be performed “solo,” or as part of a team. You must have your own car to be able to carry cleaning supplies to the work sites. How do I check my schedule? We use a scheduling app on our phones, where you can easily pull up your daily schedule. How do I get paid? We pay weekly on Fridays. Job requirements:  Authorized to work in the US (citizenship, residence, work permit) Must own a vehicle and smartphone Valid car insurance and driver's license Verifiable work history and references Excellent attitude, work ethic and growth mindset Join our team by applying below. Questions? Please contact our office. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: $19.00 - $23.00 per hour Benefits: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: Work Location: Multiple Locations Employee discount Flexible schedule Paid time off Parental leave Referral program 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Bonus pay Tips