 Looking for a job or a better work environment? We will hire you IMMEDIATLY! We are growing thanks to our outstanding team!!! Work with a company with over ONE HUNDRED 5-star reviews on Google with a positive work culture and a great boss that appreciates your contribution! Cleaning homes is the perfect job for someone who enjoys cleaning, cares about pleasing others, wants to be appreciated & praised for a job well done & get paid to workout! Earn up to $900 Weekly! This is a full time position, Monday through Friday starting at 8:00am and leave as early as your work is complete. No Evenings and No Weekends because we want you to have time to ENJOY YOUR LIFE! No Experience Needed!  You'll receive the training and coaching needed to become a professional home cleaner. You'll have an important job working for customers who count on you. You'll use quality products and the best tools so you can work smarter not longer. Green Cleaning DFW is an Award Winning Cleaning Service located in Rockwall, Texas. We service homes and offices in the Rockwall and surrounding areas. Why our team is so happy:  What we are looking for:  If this sounds like a great opportunity for you we would love to get to know you better! Please click the APPLY BUTTON! We can't wait to get you started!!! Job Type: Full-time Pay: Up to $900.00 per week Benefits: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: Work Location: Multiple Locations Great Compensation Weekly Pay - Tips & Bonus Too! Paid Training Paid Vacation (PTO) Retirement Plan $50,000 Life Insurance Policy Aflac Direct Primary Care (Health Care) Positive, Drama Free Work Environment Room for Growth Low Stress, Easy Dress Code No Nights or Weekends Value & Praise - You Are Not Just A Number (We want the best for you) Positive Attitude Thorough & Detailed Trustworthy & Dependability Strong Work Ethic Kind & Compassionate Your Own Transportation Health insurance Life insurance Paid time off Referral program Retirement plan 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Bonus pay Tips