 We have opportunities to interview and hire SAME DAY or Next Day after submitting your application! If you are ambitious, local, and feel House Cleaning is a great fit for you, we'd love for you to apply and schedule an interview with us today!!! This is a rewarding job and our employees are our #1 asset. We want YOU to earn a great living and feel valued. We want this to be your best job ever! Do you want to be our next #1 asset? We are hiring immediately. We're looking for people who are positive, love cleaning, dependable, detailed and most importantly happy! You will get to work closely with our trainers and they teach you everything you need to know to be successful and make TOP PAY! The more motivated you are, the more money you can and will make. If you feel like this would be a job that you would value both personally and professionally, we'd love you to apply to be a part of the Dust and Mop family! We look forward to meeting you! We are a proud Woman-Owned Small Business and honored to be partners of Cleaning For A Reason, a non-profit which provides free house cleanings for people undergoing chemo-therapy throughout the United States. Dust and Mop House Cleaning Awards: Won WRAL Voter’s Choice Award, Cary Living Diamond Award and Midtown Magazine Diamond Award for Best House Cleaning service About the job:  Job Type: Full-time Pay: Up to $900.00 per week Benefits: Schedule: Work Location: Multiple Locations We provide Health Insurance We provide Dental and Vision We provide Short Term Disability We provide Long Term Disability We provide Life Insurance We provide 401k We pay weekly every Friday Positive work environment No Nights/No Weekends We appreciate our employees Make up to $900 + TIPS per week Plenty of room to grow as a trainer Work for a company with amazing Google reviews Know what is expected of you with clear guidelines and expectations Annual Parties Fun Contests Our Office is located in downtown Apex Service areas: Raleigh, Cary, Apex, Morrisville, Holly Springs, Fuquay-Varina Monday - Friday 8 am - 5 pm, Full Time Only 401(k) Dental insurance Health insurance Vision insurance Day shift Monday to Friday