 Recruitment Number 22-0266  THIS JOB POSTING WILL REMAIN OPEN UNTIL 25 APPLICATIONS ARE RECEIVED. PLEASE APPLY IMMEDIATELY AS THIS RECRUITMENT MAY CLOSE AT ANY TIME.  Note: Hiring rates will be based on availability of funds, the applicant's qualifications, and other relevant factors.  As a condition of employment with the State of Hawaii, all qualified external candidates who have been given a conditional offer of employment must show proof of full COVID-19 vaccination and shall be fully vaccinated by his/her/their employment start date. A reasonable accommodation will be provided if requested by a candidate and it is determined through an interactive process that pregnancy, a qualifying disability, or a sincerely held religious belief prevents the candidate from receiving a COVID-19 vaccination. Supervise and participate in the provision of skilled nursing services with responsibility for determining the priorities of patient care needs; planning, assigning, reviewing and evaluating the work of subordinate nursing personnel; planning and providing nursing care and treatment services; may also be responsible for planning and implementing in-service training programs for nurses and nursing assistants; serve as clinical specialists, providing direct service in complex nursing situations and demonstrating to the nursing staff new techniques and methods of patient care; and perform other related duties as assigned. To qualify, applicants must meet all of the following requirements:  State of Hawaii Registered Nurse License: Applicants MUST POSSESS a valid license to practice as a registered nurse in the State of Hawaii.  Experience: One and one-half (1-1/2) years of professional work experience as a Registered Nurse. At least one (1) year of the required experience must have been comparable to the next lowered level in the State service.  Positions at the Registered Nurse (GD) III is a staff/journey level nursing position that are assigned to one clinical service area or rotation among the various nursing areas of the institution or hospital (e.g., obstetrics, surgery, pediatrics, etc.). Assignments involve the responsibility for developing and implementing nursing care plans for patients with a wide range of nursing care problems; providing nursing care and treatment services to patients assigned to the unit; and assigning and directing the work of nursing assistants. As a fully independent nurse, the position provides care to patients with minimum guidance and supervision, and may serve as a charge nurse relieving the head nurse on an assigned shift; and performing other related duties as assigned.  Driver's License: For certain positions, applicants must possess a valid driver's license at the time of appointment.  Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum Qualification Requirements (click link below), will apply.