 Provides professional nursing care for patients in an outpatient setting, under the supervision of the Nursing Manager, Physicians and Advanced Practitioners. Assesses, plans, implements, and evaluates the care rendered to patients with urgent, emergent, or potential health problems and is responsible for carrying out the vision and quality commitment of the company.  The following are essential job duties:  The following job duties may potentially be reassigned:  Job Requirements  Palomar Health Medical Group offers a comprehensive benefits program that includes:  Palomar Health Medical Group maintains a drug-free workplace and smoke free working environment. Employees are required to successfully pass a pre-employment drug screen. Palomar Health Medical Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer and values diversity in the workplace.  Assists physicians with examinations, procedures and other processes related to direct patient care.  Provides health care instructions to patient and family members.  Cooperates with other personnel to achieve department objectives and maintain good employee relations, interdepartmental objectives, and infection control policies.  Demonstrates procedures and testing materials and encourages patients to participate in procedures and technique, including instructing patients in giving themselves injections.  Ensures accurate maintenance of patients medical records and that patient records are treated as confidential information.  Opens sterile supplies and sets up for procedures.  Monitors medical condition of patients and reports changes to appropriate personnel.  Performs basic nursing procedures including thermal applications, non-sterile soaks, and application of simple dressings, perennial care, and urine tests.  Prepares rooms with appropriate instruments, sutures, supplies and equipment.  Takes patients vital signs and provides personal care to patients.  Prepares, hangs, monitors and discontinues I.V. fluids.  Documents transactions, telephone conversation, observations, and orders in medical record according to policy and procedure of clinic.  Responsible for following clinic policies and procedures for infection control in handling and disposing of infectious/hazardous wastes.  Responsible for accurate administration of medications as ordered and collection/handling of lab specimens.  Insure that expired medications are disposed of properly.  Triage patient calls over the phone or in person  Telephone reporting of lab results to patients.  Types correspondence and reports, photocopies information, files information, and answers the telephone, takes messages, and directs calls.  Graduation from an accredited RN program.  Current California RN license.  Basic Life Support for Healthcare Providers by American Heart Association (AHA) - (100% online certification is not acceptable).  1-3 years RN experience  Previous outpatient clinic and/or RN work.  Medical, Dental and Vision insurance  Company -paid Basic Term Life and Long-term Disability insurance  Medical Flexible Spending Account  Dependent Care Assistance  401(k) with company match up to 4%  PTO (Paid Time Off)  Paid holidays  Pet insurance  Gym discounts  Plus much more!