 mAbs Rx is looking for Registered Nurses and Nurse Practitioners to join our team. This person is responsible for administering monoclonal antibodies to patients in their homes (which may include long-term care facilities). We are seeking to engage nurses for physician practices to administer the infusions (either subcutaneous or intravenous). Compensation is $100 per eligible patient on an independent contractor (1099) basis. Home visits, especially in long-term care facilities, may allow the opportunity to provide several patient infusions in a single location. Opportunity for full time positions is available as well.  - Covid vaccination not mandatory for this job -  Job Type:  Responsibilities:  Requirements:  About mAbs Rx: mAbs Rx is a privately owned and operated administrative services organization whose mission is to assist physician practices in their goal of providing personalized care and education to patients and their families, helping make the procedural experience of monoclonal antibody infusion as comfortable as possible. Our nurses are hired with the intent to provide a professional atmosphere of caring and compassion. Ideally, this atmosphere is fostered by an attitude of harmony, cooperation, and understanding among all personnel.  We provide administrative services to physician practices that administer monoclonal antibodies to patients in their homes (which may include long-term care facilities). We are seeking to engage nurses for those physician practices to administer the infusions (either subcutaneous or intravenous). Remuneration is $100/infusion per eligible patient on an independent contractor (1099) basis. Home visits, especially in long-term care facilities, may allow the opportunity to provide several patient infusions in a single location. Opportunity for full time positions is available as well.  Our excellent administrative services and company vision allow nurses and medical professionals to provide exceptional and safe care to all patients. The priority for our supported physician practices is patient safety, regulatory compliance and staff work satisfaction. Our physician practices have very high standards of care for patients and families. They adhere to the Infection control guidelines of DOH, and provide all the necessary medication, equipment and PPE for the safety of their employees and patients.  The medical staff is hired directly by our stellar team of physician practices.   PxXUhxyjXv  We are looking for highly skilled, motivated and experienced RNs, NPs, or PAs.  Experience in past hospital (ICU, ER) setting is a plus.  To work Per-Diem weekdays and weekends  We pay $100 per infusion  Most houses have multiple patients  Our top nurses make as much as $1000 a day or more  The company has done over 4K infusions  Company is operational in 6 states  Job Types: Part-time, Per diem (Contract Position)  Nurse will be administering monoclonal antibody treatments in patients’ homes.  Patients are either Covid positive or exposed  Provide exceptional and safe care to all patients – Maintain nursing standards while supporting patients with all applicable medical needs  RN, NP, or PA Required  Must be comfortable doing IV infusions  Must be comfortable working in patients homes  Must be able to travel to patients homes