 Description   Be part of an extraordinary team We are looking for leaders at all levels of the organization who are passionate about making an impact on our members and the communities we serve. You will thrive in a complex and collaborative environment where you take action and ownership to solve problems and lead change. Do you want to be part of a larger purpose and an evolving, high-performance culture that empowers you to make an impact? National Government Services is a proud member of Anthem's family of brands. We administer government contracts for Medicare and partner with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to transform federal health programs. Shift: Monday - Friday, any location remote. . How you will make an Impact: The Clinical Review Nurse I is responsible for reviewing and making medical determinations as to whether a claim meets the benefits the member carries. Primary duties may include, but are not limited to: Qualifications  Minimum Qualifications:  Preferred Skills, Capabilities, and experience: We offer a range of market-competitive total rewards that include merit increases, paid holidays, Paid Time Off, and incentive bonus programs (unless covered by a collective bargaining agreement), medical, dental, vision, short and long term disability benefits, 401(k) +match, stock purchase plan, life insurance, wellness programs and financial education resources, to name a few.  The health of our associates and communities is a top priority for Anthem. We require all new candidates to become vaccinated against COVID-19. If you are not vaccinated, your offer will be rescinded unless you provide - and Anthem approves - a valid religious or medical explanation as to why you are not able to get vaccinated that Anthem is able to reasonably accommodate. Anthem will also follow all relevant federal, state and local laws.  Anthem, Inc. has been named as a Fortune Great Place To Work in 2021, is ranked as one of the 2021 World's Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine, and a Top 20 Fortune 500 Companies on Diversity and Inclusion. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com. Anthem is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, genetic information, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status or condition protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. Applicants who require accommodation to participate in the job application process may contact ability@icareerhelp.com for assistance. Assesses the necessity and reasonableness of the items supplied in a valid claim through the use of medical policy and other materials. Ability to comprehend medical policy and criteria to clearly articulate health information required. Requires AS in nursing and minimum of 1 year of clinical experience; or any combination of education and experience, which would provide an equivalent background. Current unrestricted RN license required. BS in nursing preferred. Ability to comprehend medical policy and criteria to clearly articulate health information strongly preferred. CMS (Centers Medicare Medicaid Services) experience. 