 Registered NurseFederal Bureau of Prisons About: The Federal Bureau of Prisons protects society and changes the lives of inmates in our care. We employ more than 36,000 people in different positions that range from Correctional Officers and Nurses to Office Administrators and Pharmacists. Join us in our mission—in a career that rewards you beyond benefits with professional and personal growth. Work on the inside. Overview: The Federal Bureau of Prisons is seeking Registered Nurses at facilities across the country. And we are hiring immediately in our North Central and Western regions. As an RN here, you not only mend wounds and treat illness, you heal hearts and minds, too. You get to know patients and help determine their care. Often you are the first to provide inmates healthcare—ever. It’s highly rewarding healthcare work that also helps protect society and positively change the lives of inmates. You are trained to work safely with a dedicated team of professionals. You have opportunities for career growth and advancement. And with enough years of service, you may even retire early. Join us. Work on the inside. Salary:  Work Schedule: Full-time Full Benefits:  Locations: Immediately hiring in the North Central and Western Regions. Additional locations hiring throughout the United States. Duties and Responsibilities:  Provides direct patient care services in accordance with legal, ethical and institution standards. Provides nursing care of a general nature to inmates in the institution hospital/clinic, and may be provided to patients in specific areas, e.g., psychiatric, operating room, orthopedics, geriatrics, etc. Develops a nursing assessment for each patient, to include planning, implementing, and evaluating nursing care. May assess and identify high risk symptoms/behaviors in patients, to include suicidal risk, homicidal risk and risk for verbal and/or physical abuse. Completes nutritional screening as part of the assessment and refers patient to a dietitian for a nutritional assessment if necessary. Monitors, evaluates and revises the plan of care as needed. May also assess and document the discharge planning needs of a patient. Delegates and coordinates care based on assessments. Along with all other correctional institution employees, incumbent is charged with responsibility for maintaining security of the institution. The staff correctional responsibilities precede all others required by this position and is performed on a regular and recurring basis. Requirements:  A graduate or higher level degree, bachelor’s degree, associate degree, or diploma from an accredited professional nursing educational program is required. This education must have been accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, Council on Accreditation of Nurse Anesthesia Educational Programs, Accreditation Commission for Midwifery Education or an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education at the time the degree was obtained. Superior Academic Achievement (S.A.A.) applicants MUST provide a transcript in order to be considered under S.A.A. Degree from Foreign Nursing School: Official certification from the Commission on Graduates of Foreign Nursing Schools is required for individuals who graduated from foreign nursing schools. AND Licensure: Applicants must have passed the National Council Licensure Examination. In addition, they must possess a current, active, full, and unrestricted license or registration as a professional nurse from a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or a territory of the United States. NOTE: ALL applicants MUST electronically upload proof of current, active, full and unrestricted license or registration for verification at the time you apply. All qualified referred candidates will undergo a credentialing process. This process includes validation of examinations, education, internship and residency. Please electronically upload these documents along with your required supporting documentation at the time you apply. AND In addition to the Basic Requirements: Education/Work Experience:  The work experience must have equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. At the GS-09 and above grade level, many positions may require experience in a specialty area of nursing. GS-05: To qualify at the GS-05 (or equivalent) grade level, applicants must meet one of the following qualification requirements: GS-07: In addition to the above Basic Requirements, applicants must meet one of the following requirements: GS-09: In addition to the above requirements, applicants must meet one of the following requirements: GS-10: In addition to the above requirements, applicants must meet the following requirement: Specialized experience examples per grade level: GS-05: GS-07: GS-09: GS-10: If applicable, credit will be given for paid and unpaid experience. To receive proper credit, you must show the actual time (such as the number of hours worked per week) spent in activities. **Your eligibility for consideration will be based on your responses to the questions in the application.** Additional Conditions of Employment:  At the Federal Bureau of Prisons, being a Registered Nurses get to not only heal wounds and treat illness. They get to heal hearts and minds. Learn more about day-in-the-life activities as a RN. Visit www.bop.gov/jobs/nurse. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $44,545.00 - $80,357.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: COVID-19 considerations:We are carefully monitoring the spread of the COVID-19 virus in our facilities and following the CDC best practices regarding disease transmission and prevention. For more information, please visit: https://www.bop.gov/coronavirus/index.jsp Work Location: Multiple Locations $44,545 to $80,357 per year Additional incentives such as Recruitment Bonus up to 25%. Above the Minimum Rate, Annual Leave Credit, and Student Loan Repayment Program may be offered. Law Enforcement Retirement—including a pension and the opportunity to retire early Federal Government Insurance Plans: Health, Dental, Vision, and Life Thrift Savings Plan Life Insurance Long-Term Care Insurance Flexible Spending Accounts Paid Annual Leave and Sick Leave Possession of a Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing with no experience; or Possession of a diploma or associate degree in professional nursing and one full year of professional nursing experience. Possession of a Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing and eligibility under the Superior Academic Achievement provision; Possession of a Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing and at least one full year of professional nursing experience (equivalent to the GS-05 grade level); Possession of a diploma or associate degree in professional nursing and two full years of professional nursing experience; or Completion of at least one full year of graduate education in a professional nursing educational program. Possession of a master’s degree in professional nursing; or At least one full year of professional nursing experience (equivalent to the GS-07 grade level or above) and possession of a diploma, associate degree, or Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing from a professional nursing program. At least one full year of professional nursing experience (equivalent to the GS-09 grade level or above) and possession of a diploma, associate degree, bachelor's degree or master's degree in Nursing from a professional nursing program. Experience communicating with and providing nursing services to patients. Experience applying professional nursing concepts, principles, practices and nursing standards. Experience operating medical equipment. Experience implementing established protocols and standing orders for handling patients. Experience providing care to patients whose conditions are characterized by extremely complex health care needs. Experience recognizing life threatening emergencies and initiating immediate care until assistance is obtained. Experience in human behavior and the ability to communicate with and provide nursing services to patients. Experience in the techniques and the operational mechanics of medical equipment. Experience with accurately transcribing physician's orders, performing health assessments and accurately documenting in patient's medical record. Experience with pharmacology of a wide variety of drugs, dosages, routes of administration, therapeutic action, drug interactions, and adverse reactions. Experience in professional nursing concepts, principles, practices and nursing standards as related to medical, surgical, and mental health nursing. Experience in the recognition of life threatening emergencies and in initiating immediate care until assistance is obtained. Experience in nursing theories and practices needed to plan and provide care to patients whose conditions are characterized by extremely complex health care needs. Experience using critical thinking skills and establishing priorities of care when dealing with multiple patients having varying degrees of care requirements. This is a Federal Law Enforcement position. Applicant must be a citizen of the U.S. or national. Be clear of any criminal convictions. (Felony record and/or misdemeanor conviction of domestic violence) 18 U.S.C. § 922(g)(9) 1117 Applicant must pass a drug screening, background investigation, and credit check. Applicant must be able to pass a Physical Abilities Test (PAT) during the 3-week training program at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Academy. The test includes 1/4 run, 75lbs dummy drag, short obstacle course, stair climb, and ladder climb. 401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Flexible spending account Health insurance Life insurance Paid time off Relocation assistance Tuition reimbursement Vision insurance 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Holidays Monday to Friday Night shift Weekend availability