 Summary: The Field Engineer acts as a liaison between the engineering department and clientele; working primarily on site at job locations to ensure smooth execution of operations pertaining to the installation and operation of frac pumps, flowline equipment, and related products. This role is responsible for inspecting and installing equipment and new technologies, directing crews or workers on-site, conducting research, and reporting on project status.About Our Company: Beginning over 50 years ago in 1968 as BEST Swivel, the name alone set a standard for how our products would perform in the oilfield service industry. Today at BEST Pump and Flow, the legacy and passion to create the highest performing, longest-lasting, and most reliable products in the industry - is stronger than ever.Headquartered in Fort Worth, TX, we operate a state-of-the-art manufacturing campus with multiple plants totaling over 200,000 square foot including in-house engineering, robotic machining, state-of-the-art test cells, quality, service, and repair. BEST Pump and Flow also operates the industry’s first in-line automated fluid end machining track line.Benefits:  Overview of Responsibilities:  Required Education and Experience:  Equal Opportunity Employer #LI-BR1 Job Type: Full-time Competitive Base Pay Medical Dental Vision 401(k) Savings Plan + Company Match Company-paid Life Insurance and AD&D Company-paid LTD Employee paid additional Life Insurance and AD&D Additional employee-paid coverage includes critical illness, accident insurance, short-term disability, and whole life insurance plans. Paid Holidays Paid Time Off (PTO) Employee Assistance Program Education Assistance Communicate with clients to determine needs and explain complex issues with a thorough understanding of engineering concepts including client-facing training on best practices of installed systems and technologies. Manage field activities and implement engineering designs including resolution of malfunctions or other issues. Oversee repairs and technical improvements including installation of new systems and technologies. Inspect equipment and technologies, resolve onsite malfunctions, and provide solutions to construction or machinery problems. Supervise and direct on-site crew including inspection and testing of materials, machinery, and the site for safety, also ensuring proper maintenance of onsite equipment. Conduct on-site research, draft and submit reports, and maintain up-to-date communications between the site, the client, and the engineering department of the company. Ability to clearly communicate (verbal and written) technical aspects of oilfield projects, including machinery and equipment, across all levels of the organization and with clients. Understanding of safety guidelines with the ability to observe and correct unsafe practices and lead a culture of site safety. Understanding of OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) product recalls product trackability and serialization. Knowledge and ability to effectively use an ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system. Bachelor’s degree in an engineering-related field (Mechanical, Industrial, Petroleum, et cetera), highly preferred. Five (5) years of experience in oilfield and frac settings such as new/existing well sites, frac operations, manufacturing facilities, et cetera. An analytical mind and strong problem-solving ability with the ability to execute solutions in a team environment and while working independently. Ability to lift, push, pull up to fifty (50) pounds. Ability to work in adverse weather and occasional overtime and weekends 60% Percent travel expected