 Job Title: Engineer – Services (Mechanical) 
Job Summary

In this position, you will assist customers, the Repair & Remanufacturing (R&R) teams and the Field Service team to provide solutions and improvements to products during commissioning and aftermarket services utilizing your experience or expertise to solve problems, develop and execute objectives for self and others. The Engineer will also assist with day to day operations of the Services Engineering Team and assist with complex issues and timely completion of tasks. 
Responsibilities Skills / Requirements Desired Characteristics Location
Houston, TX Location:
Houston, United States
 Employment type:
Permanent
 Execute the design, analysis, or evaluation of assigned projects using sound engineering principles and adhering to business standards, practices, procedures, and product/program requirements. In this role, design activities typically involve maintaining design files to reflect upgrades and modifications applied to customer-owned equipment during services projects. Work directly with customers and ensure effective communication of progress and results. Perform system level troubleshooting on complex issues. Provide technical leadership and ownership of assigned projects and provide timely communication on significant issues or developments. Work non-standard hours in support of rig down situations. Drive continuous improvement of processes, tools, and standards. Develop Condition Based Maintenance (CBM) methodology, process and tools. Disposition Customer Owned Equipment (COE) on-site and off-site for Drill-through or BOP equipment on inspection and recertification activities for NAM Participate as a presenter or reviewer in technical and program reviews. Assure proper documentation of technical data generated for assigned projects is consistent with engineering policies and procedures. Troubleshoot customer problems with mechanical control systems. Develop and deploy technical solutions, including customer testing. Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Physics, Chemistry, or Mathematics from an accredited college or university or demonstrated ability and experience to perform the essential functions of the role. Minimum of (2) years’ experience with drill-through or Blow-Out Preventer (BOP) equipment and associated mechanical systems, or similar mechanical systems. Ability to travel to offshore and onshore locations for customer support. Proven troubleshooting and communication experience in a fast paced environment. Excellent communication / organization / presentation skills Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills in a cross functional environment Able to interface effectively with all levels of an organization and external customers. Clear thinker with ability to develop, communicate, and deliver clear strategy and action plans. Prior Oilfield experience. Technological proficiency, including relevant engineering tools. Software proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel, and Mathcad, programming or low-code office automation, database queries Ability to make data-based recommendations and decisions. Experience working with field data and information.