 Vacancy Announcement  Petroleum Engineer – Field Inspector  Department of Mineral Resources - Oil and Gas Division  Location: Dickinson, ND  Salary: $4,100 - $4,600 / month  Closing Date: May 11, 2022 or until filled  Position Number: 405-28313  Requisition Number: None  Classification: Non-Classified Professional  Status: Full-time  Type of Recruitment: Internal / External  Date Posted to Web: April 20, 2022 Conduct field inspections of oil and gas exploration and production sites to determine if drilling, production, plugging, and reclamation operations comply with current laws, regulations, and policies. Requires flexibility in daily schedule; may require working after business hours, on weekends and holidays. Serve as an information source and mediator for landowners and oil production operators regarding specific inquires, problems, and complaints. Employment is contingent on driving record and medical clearance for use of a self-contained breathing apparatus.  What can we offer you? Stability. Consistent work schedule. Minimal scheduled weekends with occasional on-call or incident response duty. 10 paid State Holidays. Health Insurance (Full Premium Paid). Pension. Supplemental Retirement Plan.  Great work; life balance, most days end by 5pm with occasional on call or incident response duty. Includes both office and field work. Ability to learn new oil field trends and technology. Work directly with companies in the oil and gas industry. Be part of a team knowing you’re achieving a goal to enhance the state and protect its environment. Work routine varies daily; and Great North Dakota scenery. Bachelor’s degree with major course work in petroleum engineering, geological engineering, or geology.  Must have a valid driver’s license, good driving skills, physical mobility, mental alertness and ability to operate a four-wheel drive vehicle in all types of weather conditions to meet travel and inspection duty requirements.  Preference will be given to candidates with oil and gas experience.  Leadership skills, problem solving, self-discipline, time management, a positive attitude and motivated. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to work effectively with diverse groups of people.  Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, and GIS mapping software. Ability to work in northern plains climate year-round.  Submit the online application including resume with course work and three employment or educational references. Applications will only be accepted online through the ND PeopleSoft System.  State of ND employees should access the announcement and application by signing into their ND PeopleSoft account at: https://www.cnd.nd.gov/psp/strp/?cmd=login&languageCd=ENG&, clicking on “my Career,”and selecting “Careers” in the drop down menu.  Applicants who are not employees of the State of North Dakota can access the announcement and application by visiting: https://www.cnd.nd.gov/psp/recruit/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=11000.  Paper submissions will not be accepted. Application materials must be received at the ND Department of Mineral Resources by 11:59 p.m. Central Time on the closing date. Applicants who are residents of North Dakota and eligible to claim veteran’s preference must include a clear copy of DD Form 214. Claims for disabled veteran’s preference must also include a current statement of disabled status from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.  Contact Jeanette Bean, Human Resources at 701-328-7608 for more information or assistance in the application or interview process. ND Relay Number 1-800-366-6888 The State of North Dakota and this hiring agency do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex (including sexual orientation and gender identity), genetics, religion, age or disability in employment or the provisions of services and complies with the provisions of the North Dakota Human Rights Act.  As an employer, the State of North Dakota prohibits smoking in all places of state employment in accordance with N.D.C.C. § 23-12-10. Conduct field inspections of oil and gas exploration and production sites to determine if drilling, production, plugging, and reclamation operations comply with current laws, regulations, and policies. Requires flexibility in daily schedule; may require working after business hours, on weekends and holidays. Serve as an information source and mediator for landowners and oil production operators regarding specific inquires, problems, and complaints. Employment is contingent on driving record and medical clearance for use of a self-contained breathing apparatus. Stability. Consistent work schedule. Minimal scheduled weekends with occasional on-call or incident response duty. 10 paid State Holidays. Health Insurance (Full Premium Paid). Pension. Supplemental Retirement Plan.  Great work; life balance, most days end by 5pm with occasional on call or incident response duty. Includes both office and field work. Ability to learn new oil field trends and technology. Work directly with companies in the oil and gas industry. Be part of a team knowing you’re achieving a goal to enhance the state and protect its environment. Work routine varies daily; and Great North Dakota scenery. Bachelor’s degree with major course work in petroleum engineering, geological engineering, or geology.  Must have a valid driver’s license, good driving skills, physical mobility, mental alertness and ability to operate a four-wheel drive vehicle in all types of weather conditions to meet travel and inspection duty requirements.  Preference will be given to candidates with oil and gas experience.  Leadership skills, problem solving, self-discipline, time management, a positive attitude and motivated. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to work effectively with diverse groups of people.  Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, and GIS mapping software. Ability to work in northern plains climate year-round. 