 Manufacturing Engineer  Do you enjoy working with cutting-edge energy equipment?  Do you enjoy being part of a successful team?  Join our growing team  Our innovative physical and digital solutions improve efficiency for manufacturing new equipment for oilfield services. Our team ensures high quality, consistency and reliability for all products throughout the complete life cycle of our manufacturing production process.  Partner with the best  As a Manufacturing Engineer, you will prepare the technological process and establish the necessary tools, devices and verifies to ensure the processing of parts in a safe, efficient and productive process. Working with leading-edge technology, you will ensure compliance, search for methods to continuously improve processing and assembly methods/processes.  As a Manufacturing Engineer, you will be responsible for:  Fuel your passion  To be successful in this role you will:  Work in a way that works for you  We recognize that everyone is different and that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best is different for everyone too. In this role, we can offer the following flexible working patterns:  Working with us  Our people are at the heart of what we do at Baker Hughes. We know we are better when all of our people are developed, engaged and able to bring their whole authentic selves to work. We invest in the health and well-being of our workforce, train and reward talent and develop leaders at all levels to bring out the best in each other.  Working for you  Our inventions have revolutionized energy for over a century. But to keep going forward tomorrow, we know we have to push the boundaries today. We prioritize rewarding those who embrace change with a package that reflects how much we value their input. Join us, and you can expect:  About Us  With operations in over 120 countries, we provide better solutions for our customers and richer opportunities for our people. As a leading partner to the energy industry, we’re committed to achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and we’re always looking for the right people to help us get there. People who are as passionate as we are about making energy safer, cleaner and more efficient.  Join Us  Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!  Defining and controlling production process including cell layout, tooling, and equipment. Validating design specifications and shop floor application of new product, tools, or equipment.  Redefining processes and procedures on a regular basis and require frequent interaction with adjacent functions (e.g. engineering, planning, maintenance)  Handling latitude in manufacturing techniques. Manufacturing process requires choosing right approaches. Employees should have technical know-how.  Leading an internal manufacturing team and developing a yearly operational plan to support activities and projects, release of work scope to the shop floor per engineering repair instruction.  Providing technical leadership to a manufacturing cell unit  Leading Lean and Six Sigma projects  Have a bachelors degree in a STEM discipline from an accredited university or college or equivalent experience  Have capability for problem solving and root cause analysis; ability to rapidly understand and learn new concepts  Have Six Sigma green belt or equivalent quality training, knowledge and understanding  Have excellent written and verbal communication skills and demonstrate persuasive leadership ability  This role supports a manufacturing environment, on site support is necessary.  Contemporary work-life balance policies and wellbeing activities  Comprehensive private medical care options  Safety net of life insurance and disability programs  Tailored financial programs  Additional elected or voluntary benefits