  Be part of a successful team  We provide advanced technology and solutions that serve a diverse range of industry segments. We ensure industry-leading availability and reliability, built on deep technical expertise.  Partner with the best  You will ensure that BH can deliver flawless execution by conducting laboratory tests on drilling and completion fluids for oil wells. This includes formulating and developing drilling and completion fluids and testing them under conditions of high temperature and high pressure. This function requires advanced knowledge of drilling and completion fluids, and proven experience in a technical laboratory environment.  You will be responsible for:  Fuel your passion  To be successful in this role you will:  Work in a way that works for you  We recognize that everyone is different and that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best is different for everyone too. In this role, we can offer the following flexible working patterns:  Office hours are 8am-5pm Monday-Friday  Working with us  Our people are at the heart of what we do at Baker Hughes. We know we are better when all of our people are developed, engaged and able to bring their whole authentic selves to work. We invest in the health and well-being of our workforce, train and reward talent and develop leaders at all levels to bring out the best in each other.  Working for you  Our inventions have revolutionized energy for over a century. But to keep going forward tomorrow, we know we have to push the boundaries today. We prioritize rewarding those who embrace change with a package that reflects how much we value their input. Join us, and you can expect:  About Us  With operations in over 120 countries, we provide better solutions for our customers and richer opportunities for our people. As a leading partner to the energy industry, we’re committed to achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and we’re always looking for the right people to help us get there. People who are as passionate as we are about making energy safer, cleaner and more efficient.  Join Us  Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!  Ensuring drilling fluids and completion fluid products meet required specifications.  Recording all test results, prepare quality reports, and generate COA for tested products. Performing periodic calibrations or verifications of laboratory instruments and equipment.  Preparing test solutions and reagents for laboratory use. Ensure that all chemical reagents and flammable material are stored in accordance with the allowable storage quantity and condition requirements.  Storing finished product samples according to shelf life / retention period requirement. Performing checks and verification analysis if necessary.  Handling laboratory cleanliness, laboratory waste, and ensure proper disposal in accordance with environmental regulations.  Carrying out all required responsibilities safely as outlined in the standard operations manual and perform other related tasks.  Bachelor’s degree in Chemical or Petroleum Engineering and minimum 3 years of experience in API testing for drilling and completion fluids.  Have experience in running HTHP rheological tests, LSM tests, PPA tests, lubricity tests, PSA.  Have knowledge of calibration and maintenance of drilling fluid laboratory equipment.  Demonstrate relevant work experience in technical laboratory environment related to the preparation and testing of drilling fluids  Be initiative driven, problem solving and good communication and analytical skills  Basic level in English (speaking / listening / writing / reading)  Contemporary work-life balance policies and wellbeing activities  Comprehensive private medical care options  Safety net of life insurance and disability programs  Tailored financial programs  Additional elected or voluntary benefits