 Oceaneering is a global provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore energy industry. We develop products and services for use throughout the lifecycle of an offshore oilfield, from drilling to decommissioning. We operate the world's premier fleet of work class ROVs. Additionally, we are a leader in offshore oilfield maintenance services, umbilicals, subsea hardware, and tooling. We also use applied technology expertise to serve the defense, entertainment, material handling, aerospace, science, and renewable energy industries. The Field Engineer acts as a manufacturing/engineering liaison for design-to-production contracts. The Field Engineer provides on-site support and acts as an ADTECH/OTECH representative to customers. Experience with Sub-sea systems / ROV’s required. Navy Veterans encouraged to apply.
 ESSENTIAL REQUIRED DESIRED This position is considered SHOP WORK which is characterized as follows. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for all positions without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other non-merit factors. As COVID-19 continues to significantly impact employees, workplaces, families and communities, many of Oceaneering’s clients are requiring that all individuals working at their sites be fully vaccinated against the coronavirus, including employees of Oceaneering and other contractors. Accordingly, only individuals who are, or are willing to be, fully vaccinated before their start date are eligible for this position. Any applicant selected for this position will be required to prove that they are fully vaccinated prior to their start date. Interface with all phases of manufacturing; ensure input at an early stage for appropriate system design with limited supervision. Provide resolution to manufacturing problems. Troubleshoot and repair electro-mechanical systems. Provide support of red-lining of drawing packages to reflect “as-Built” status of equipment. Assists in developing manufacturing and installation cost-benefit analysis input. Augment engineering process at design reviews with manufacturing/field experience. Assist in creation/updates of maintenance manuals, documents, and drawings.
 Perform a variety of fundamental field engineering tasks with minimal supervision of a senior level engineer; involved in the installation, operation, testing, and maintenance of electronic equipment and systems. Assist in conducting research and reference reading to assist engineers in obtaining technical information and keeps informed of currently approved standards, codes, and procedures applied to engineering specialty. Plan and carries out successive engineering steps and resolve technical problems by standard practices and techniques such as tolerance studies and design calculations. Support projects with limited scope or parts of more complex projects with detailed instructions on the intent and scope of the documents to be prepared. Assist with generating sections of design specifications of more complex projects or complete specifications of less complex projects. Conducts laboratory investigations on equipment or systems. Assist in preparation of reports, correspondence, or technical studies. Study/Review currently approved standards, codes, and procedures applied to the engineering specialty. Prepare, deliver, and submit technical presentations for in-process design and review meetings. Perform all other position-related duties as assigned or requested. Some travel will be required, including sporadic offshore work. Knowledge of applicable Sub-Sea engineering concepts, principles and familiarity with related engineering fields. 2+ years of experience in field operations including fabrication, assembly, installation and testing of Sub-Sea electro/mechanical systems. Professional knowledge of applicable engineering concepts and principles and a familiarity with related engineering fields. Practical knowledge of test methods and practices sufficient to perform routine to more complex engineering procedures and to prepare or make minor modifications of standard test procedures or test equipment work instructions. Experience with preparation of progress reports, job completion estimates, and cost estimating essential. Able to read/understand Engineering electrical and mechanical schematics/drawings.
 Current Top Secret/SCI security clearance. Associate degree in related field. Equivalent experience may be considered in lieu of a degree. Experience directly related to construction, installation, testing, and maintenance of equipment. Almost exclusively indoors during the day and occasionally at night Occasional exposure to airborne dust in the workplace Work surface is stable (flat) Requires working indoors in environmentally controlled conditions Job tasks are performed in close proximity to other people Shipboard work, in port and underway, on occasion.