 Cornell University embraces diversity and seeks candidates who will contribute to a climate that supports students, faculty and staff of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented and/or marginalized identities to apply.  As part of the university's comprehensive vaccination program , all Cornell employees are required to have and provide proof of an FDA-or WHO-authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccine or have obtained a university-approved disability/medical or religious exemption, regardless of their role and work location.  New hires are required to provide documentation showing full vaccination status (that is, completion of two shots of the Moderna or Pfizer vaccine or one shot of the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson) before their first day of work. If a new hire's vaccination is not complete or information is not received by their start date, the first day of work will be delayed. It is possible in some cases that an offer of employment may be withdrawn.  For additional information on Cornell’s Vaccination Compliance Program click here .  Compensation  This position is a Multi Media Asst IV role with an hourly rate of $22.75 - $26.44.  Remote position  This position is based in Ithaca, New York, however, the successful applicant may perform this role remotely anywhere within the United States.  The New York Convenience of employer guidelines require New York State individual tax reporting and withholdings for this position. Additional individual state income tax filings may also be required if working temporarily outside New York State.  Department and Position Summary  As Cornell University’s online learning unit, eCornell delivers online professional certificate courses to individuals and organizations around the world. Courses are personally developed by Cornell faculty with expertise in a wide range of topics, including data analytics, management, marketing, human resources, leadership, and STEM. Students learn in an interactive, small cohort format to gain skills they can immediately apply in their organizations, while earning a professional certificate from Cornell University. eCornell has offered online learning courses and certificate programs for 15 years to over 130,000 students at more than 2,000 companies.  The primary role is to conceptualize, organize, layout, deliver, and publish design solutions in accordance with university brand standards, college school or unit identities, and contemporary, industry standards of quality, relevance and sophistication, and individual partner needs. Assist interactive graphic designers who work with staff and administrators to achieve design objectives. Work independently on strategic issues with partners, engage in visual communications problem-solving and manage complex projects.  A successful Graphic Designer must have a desire to be part of a growing team with eagerness to develop the company culture and best practices. We highly value the importance that culture plays in the success of an organization and ensure each hire positively adds to our culture.  What you will do:  Assist Graphic Designers and Art Directors to meet course objectives and deadlines.  Complete work as assigned by the graphic design coordinator.  Design and layout course materials for eLearning courses as well as templates for various types of projects to be used by multiple team members concurrently  Review, organize and update out-of-date course materials to meet accessibility and revised style guide  Research and collect and possibly create simple images; prepare layouts, designs and formats of text, photos, and art for execution of projects within established design specification and branding guidelines.  May provide information to interactive graphic design team members regarding design as directed by Art Director  Coordinate the collection of publication content from instructional designers;  Organize, store, and catalog digital media, models, photographs, slides, documents, posters, and other printed materials; create photo database, archive, update, and may enhance existing artwork; may assist in checking and approving color separations.  Juggle multiple projects simultaneously,  Communicate final designs to fellow staff  Connect expertise in design principles to the achievement of communications goals.  Apply knowledge in graphic design to solve communications problems.  Apply an understanding of the ‘bigger picture' communications strategy, keeping in mind the mission and strategic goals of the department, unit, and the university.  What You Will Need:  Associate’s degree with up to 1 year of relevant work experience  Proficiency Adobe InDesign and InCopy with at least 1 year of on the job experience.  Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment.  Preferred Qualifications:  Proficiency in Adobe Captivate, Illustrator and Photoshop  What we offer:  The opportunity to work with a dynamic group of people in a high-growth organization where employee development is promoted.  A broad set of competitive benefits under the Endowed program, including educational opportunities, access to virtual wellness programs, health care options, 3 weeks of paid vacation, 13 paid holidays, and superior retirement contributions.  **No VISA sponsorship is available for this position.**  University Job Title:  Job Family:  Level:  Pay Rate Type:  Company:  Contact Name:  Number of Openings:  Job Titles and Pay Ranges:  To learn more about Cornell’s non-union staff job titles and pay ranges, see Career Navigator . The final rate of pay for the successful candidate will be determined considering the following criteria:  Prior relevant work or industry experience.  Education level to the extent education is relevant to the position.  Unique applicable skills.  Current Employees:  If you currently work at Cornell University, please exit this website and log in to Workday using your Net ID and password. Select the Career icon on your Home dashboard to view jobs at Cornell.  Online Submission Guidelines :  Most positions at Cornell will require you to apply online and submit both a resume/CV and cover letter. You can upload documents either by “dragging and dropping” them into the dropbox or by using the “upload” icon on the application page. For more detailed instructions on how to apply to a job at Cornell, visit How We Hire on the HR website.  Employment Assistance:  For general questions about the position or the application process, please contact the Recruiter listed in the job posting or email mycareer@cornell.edu .  If you require an accommodation for a disability in order to complete an employment application or to participate in the recruiting process, you are encouraged to contact Cornell University's Office of Institutional Equity and Title IX at voice (607) 255-2242, or email at equity@cornell.edu .  Applicants that do not have internet access are encouraged to visit your local library, or local Department of Labor. You may also visit the office of Workforce Recruitment and Retention Monday - Friday between the hours of 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. to use a dedicated workstation to complete an online application.  Notice to Applicants:  Please read the required Notice to Applicants statement by clicking here . This notice contains important information about applying for a position at Cornell as well as some of your rights and responsibilities as an applicant.  EEO Statement:  Diversity and Inclusion are a part of Cornell University’s heritage. We are a recognized employer and educator valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. We also recognize a lawful preference in employment practices for Native Americans living on or near Indian reservations. Cornell University is an innovative Ivy League university and a great place to work. Our inclusive community of scholars, students, and staff impart an uncommon sense of larger purpose, and contribute creative ideas to further the university's mission of teaching, discovery, and engagement.  Assist Graphic Designers and Art Directors to meet course objectives and deadlines.  Complete work as assigned by the graphic design coordinator.  Design and layout course materials for eLearning courses as well as templates for various types of projects to be used by multiple team members concurrently  Review, organize and update out-of-date course materials to meet accessibility and revised style guide  Research and collect and possibly create simple images; prepare layouts, designs and formats of text, photos, and art for execution of projects within established design specification and branding guidelines.  May provide information to interactive graphic design team members regarding design as directed by Art Director  Coordinate the collection of publication content from instructional designers;  Organize, store, and catalog digital media, models, photographs, slides, documents, posters, and other printed materials; create photo database, archive, update, and may enhance existing artwork; may assist in checking and approving color separations.  Juggle multiple projects simultaneously,  Communicate final designs to fellow staff  Connect expertise in design principles to the achievement of communications goals.  Apply knowledge in graphic design to solve communications problems.  Apply an understanding of the ‘bigger picture' communications strategy, keeping in mind the mission and strategic goals of the department, unit, and the university.  Associate’s degree with up to 1 year of relevant work experience  Proficiency Adobe InDesign and InCopy with at least 1 year of on the job experience.  Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment.  Proficiency in Adobe Captivate, Illustrator and Photoshop  The opportunity to work with a dynamic group of people in a high-growth organization where employee development is promoted.  A broad set of competitive benefits under the Endowed program, including educational opportunities, access to virtual wellness programs, health care options, 3 weeks of paid vacation, 13 paid holidays, and superior retirement contributions.  Prior relevant work or industry experience.  Education level to the extent education is relevant to the position.  Unique applicable skills. 