  Design and execute Devoted Health’s core materials that meet our members needs across brand, marketing, and digital. Instinctively know our target customer (65+ individuals) and how to design uniquely for them by taking complex information and making it visually easy to digest and understand. Is able to complete all phases of a project from concept through production including working directly with vendors to produce and print various materials. Contribute to the creation of design concepts with the creative team through brainstorming and ideation activities. Work closely with our compliance team to ensure we’re adhering to CMS rules and regulations Manage multiple projects and priorities at the same time. Is a self-starter who can work with minimal oversight and manage deadlines on a number of projects.  Design and execute Devoted Health’s core materials that meet our members needs across brand, marketing, and digital.  Instinctively know our target customer (65+ individuals) and how to design uniquely for them by taking complex information and making it visually easy to digest and understand.  Is able to complete all phases of a project from concept through production including working directly with vendors to produce and print various materials.  Contribute to the creation of design concepts with the creative team through brainstorming and ideation activities.  Work closely with our compliance team to ensure we’re adhering to CMS rules and regulations  Manage multiple projects and priorities at the same time.  Is a self-starter who can work with minimal oversight and manage deadlines on a number of projects.  Strong and versatile design portfolio with 2-4 years of experience in the creative industry ideally in a fast-paced environment Deep technical understanding of print production A solid understanding of brand systems and visual design Excellent attention to detail for both design and accuracy Ability to critically and creatively problem-solve on the fly Proactive and judicious in collecting critical feedback Self-starter with excellent organizational and written/oral communication skills Strong mastery in Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat), typography, composition/layout A link to your portfolio is required  Strong and versatile design portfolio with 2-4 years of experience in the creative industry ideally in a fast-paced environment  Deep technical understanding of print production  A solid understanding of brand systems and visual design  Excellent attention to detail for both design and accuracy  Ability to critically and creatively problem-solve on the fly  Proactive and judicious in collecting critical feedback  Self-starter with excellent organizational and written/oral communication skills  Strong mastery in Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat), typography, composition/layout  A link to your portfolio is required