 JUNIOR GRAPHIC DESIGNER  Location: Remote/Telecommute  Are you a graphic designer who thrives on creating design and brand consistency at every touchpoint? Do you enjoy supporting the vision of others and collaborating to improve that vision? Do you have a passion for visual storytelling and designing data?  This could be your opportunity to launch your in-house design career, using your creative skills to support industry leaders and help win multi-million-dollar business.  We’re an All-Inclusive television advertising agency with our home base in Minneapolis. However, you can work from anywhere that works for you including cities like Chicago, Atlanta, New York, Austin, Phoenix, and more.   ROLE OVERVIEW  We are searching for an up-and-coming designer ready to make an impact by supporting the Marketing team and shaping the visual communication of Marketing Architects.  Our teams are coming together to craft communication experiences where presentation, storytelling and design collide. As such, 70% of this role includes designing breakthrough presentation decks. The other 30% will be spent supporting the Marketing team with production work, contributing to brainstorms, ideating, designing creative marketing materials, and more.  We are a hungry, humble, smart team ready to collaborate with people who are as brand obsessed as we are.  A day in the life of a Junior Graphic Designer at Marketing Architects:  We are at the center of massive change, driving innovation and accountability into the new advertising equation. If you’re ready for this kind of challenge, then don’t send your typical response. Let us know why you’re uniquely qualified for this opportunity. And yes, you’ll be well-compensated and rewarded for your hard work.  QUALIFICATIONS  COMPANY OVERVIEW  Marketing Architects is an All-Inclusive TV agency that gives performance brands access to high-quality, effective TV campaigns without the traditional high entry cost and ongoing challenges of optimization, scale, and measurement. Founded in Minneapolis, Marketing Architects has been helping companies connect with their customers in new and inspiring ways for more than 25 years.  It’s not easy work, but it is rewarding. If you’re up for the challenge of your career, let’s talk.  Curious about who we are? Check out our careers page to learn more about our benefits and culture, https://www.marketingarchitects.com/careers.  #LI-Remote   YJdwZY5ptO  Collaborate interdepartmentally to create PowerPoint presentations that simplify complicated concepts and highlight the presenter’s storyline, including internal, client and prospect presentations  Produce print and digital assets using templates, including assets for social media, our blog and newsletter, digital marketing materials, and more  Collect and process design assets  Opportunity to work closely with Senior Designers, using your design skills and a deep understanding of brand standards to help our brand show up big everywhere we go, from brainstorms to direct mail, landing pages, digital advertisements, and more  0-2 years’ experience in graphic design  Experience with Adobe, including Photoshop and InDesign  Portfolio demonstrating work with both digital and print, as well as a passion for typography, grid systems, layouts, and visual storytelling  Understand brand consistency and be able to interpret and uphold brand standards  Produce work with high attention to detail, especially regarding brand consistency, and ability to accurately execute each goal within a project  Ability to proactively communicate ideas, suggestions and problems to ensure continuous improvement  Desire to learn and enthusiasm for an iterative design process inspired by mentorship  Interest in Marketing  Experience in PowerPoint presentation design is a plus