 JUNIOR GRAPHIC DESIGNER We're IMC, an experience studio. We know being together matters. We design experiences by tying everything, concept to curtain, to achieving our client’s outcome. As a result, our gripping brand experiences inspire audiences to action. We are led by five values, which actively guide us in all our work and interactions: Maniacal Client Focus Refreshing Creativity Infectious ExcellenceRelentless Collaboration Fearless Authenticity The junior graphic designer at IMC will support the creative team and designers on a wide range of projects and materials including identity systems, website and print assets, presentation design, marketing collateral, social media/digital assets, experience visuals, mockups, and more. Responsibilities include:  Experience:  Reports to: SVP, Creative Job Type: Full-time Pay: Up to $55,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Work Location: Remote Deliver bold, refreshing designs within IMC and client brand identity systems, taking direction from senior creative team members. Undertake original design and creative work as needed based on project demands. Implement rounds of internal and client revisions with speed, quality, and accuracy. Design supporting graphics, build comps, prepare meeting materials, and lay out presentation decks, conduct image searches, create mood boards, and assist the creative team as directed. Participate in a supporting role in preparation for pitches and presentations. Prepare print and production files and package and release design files plus proofing as required. Be a problem solver in a fast-paced work environment and actively pursue and embrace opportunities to gain production experience and improve professional skills and knowledge. Present and articulate on-strategy creative ideas and designs to team and clients when called upon. Collaborate with the creative team, fabricators and other vendors to meet overall project objectives. Assist creative team to quickly create compelling visuals, from initial comps to final assets for digital/social and print. Manage and organize asset and image libraries, project files/drives, templates, and other resources. Hold a BFA or MFA from a design, visual arts or related program. 1–3 years of graphic design experience at a design studio, marketing agency or equivalent, preferred. Demonstrate graphic design experience via a high-quality, professional project work portfolio. Have solid command of foundational design principles, such as typography, color, and layout. Ability to prioritize/manage multiple complex projects in a dynamic growth environment. Proficiency with Adobe Creative Suite, particularly InDesign, Illustrator, and Photoshop. Proficiency with Google Productivity Suite and Microsoft tools as well as Apple computers. Bonus points for familiarity with After Effects, css/html and CMS platforms, Experience working directly in the experiential marketing field is a plus. Able to thrive in a remote work environment. Some project management experience is a plus. 401(k) Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance 8 hour shift Weekend availability