  Provide trainings for peer educators and others on graphic design, PPGNY’s brand, and use of PPGNY’s Canva account. Manage equity design style guide to outline plans and strategies for involving stakeholders and community in the design process as possible. Manage translation process of all bilingual design assets and materials. Advise internal stakeholders on visual and design strategies to reach specified goals and audiences. Manage PPGNY-wide “Health Center Style Guide” and “Marketplace” to streamline guidance on ordering and ensure all health center staff and staff across departments who need swag and materials can order them directly. Manage review and updates to clinical signage as needed, working closely with regional VPs, health center managers, HIPAA compliance officer and other stakeholders. Develop processes and tools for the Communications + Marketing team to ensure that the team can collaborate effectively and work with the organization at large (comms request form, comms memos, PPGNY brand toolkit, etc.). Manage on an ongoing basis. Work cross-functionally to identify workflow issues and integrate procedural improvements. This role will operate remotely but will eventually transition to a hybrid working arrangement. 100% remote applicants cannot be accommodated at this time. The applicant should be local to New York in any area near our regional clinics (NYC, Nassau, Ithaca, etc.)  Provide trainings for peer educators and others on graphic design, PPGNY’s brand, and use of PPGNY’s Canva account.  Manage equity design style guide to outline plans and strategies for involving stakeholders and community in the design process as possible.  Manage translation process of all bilingual design assets and materials.  Advise internal stakeholders on visual and design strategies to reach specified goals and audiences.  Manage PPGNY-wide “Health Center Style Guide” and “Marketplace” to streamline guidance on ordering and ensure all health center staff and staff across departments who need swag and materials can order them directly.  Manage review and updates to clinical signage as needed, working closely with regional VPs, health center managers, HIPAA compliance officer and other stakeholders.  Develop processes and tools for the Communications + Marketing team to ensure that the team can collaborate effectively and work with the organization at large (comms request form, comms memos, PPGNY brand toolkit, etc.). Manage on an ongoing basis.  Work cross-functionally to identify workflow issues and integrate procedural improvements.  This role will operate remotely but will eventually transition to a hybrid working arrangement. 100% remote applicants cannot be accommodated at this time.  The applicant should be local to New York in any area near our regional clinics (NYC, Nassau, Ithaca, etc.)  A demonstrated commitment to PPGNY’s mission related to bodily autonomy, health equity, and gender and racial justice Minimum education: High school diploma/GED Formal education in design, or in lieu of formal training, a strong portfolio of design work samples Minimum work experience: 3-5 years of experience in graphic design  A demonstrated commitment to PPGNY’s mission related to bodily autonomy, health equity, and gender and racial justice  Minimum education: High school diploma/GED  Formal education in design, or in lieu of formal training, a strong portfolio of design work samples  Minimum work experience: 3-5 years of experience in graphic design  Expertise in design within the health care field Experience working across multiple political entities  Expertise in design within the health care field  Experience working across multiple political entities  $70,000- $75,000 yearly.   $70,000- $75,000 yearly. 