 DonorsChoose engages the public in public schools by giving people a simple, accountable, and personal way to address educational inequity. In this clip, board member Stephen Colbert tells our story.  To date, teachers at 87% of all the public schools in America have posted classroom project requests on our site. Projects range from paper and markers for a poetry writing unit to violins for a school recital. More than 4 million "citizen philanthropists" have supported such projects, channeling books, field trips, technology, and other resources to more than 40 million students nationwide. In all, we've generated over $1 billion for learning experiences designed by our country's most dedicated public school teachers.  GOOD Magazine highlighted us as one of 30 Places We Want to Work, while Fast Company named DonorsChoose one of the 50 Most Innovative Companies in the World—the first time a charity has made this list. Our culture is informal, fast-paced, and fun.  As part of the Marketing & Partnerships team, the Brand & Communications team drives awareness and engagement among donors, partners, teachers, and the public to generate donations, inspire new classroom projects, and elevate the brand. The BrandComms team includes colleagues who oversee our social and digital communications channels, media relations, events, print and web design, brand writing, and brand partnerships.  The part-time Graphic Designer reports to the Senior Design Manager. The ideal candidate is a strategic, solution-oriented designer with an entrepreneurial mindset — excited to innovate within brand guidelines to express the brand across every customer touchpoint (both print and digital) in order to drive awareness and growth.  You will:  You have:  Interested candidates should submit their application online with a link to their design portfolio or to three work samples that best show off their design skills. A cover letter is optional and may addressed to Lynn Overmyer, Senior Design Manager of Brand & Communications.  A Final Note  The DonorsChoose.org team works toward a nation where students in every community have the resources needed for an excellent education. To do this we hire and support a diverse team of the best and the brightest talent available.  We are an organization increasingly representative of the varied races and ethnicities, genders and sexual orientations, religious and political beliefs, and abilities that comprise our nation. DonorsChoose.org focuses on attracting, retaining, and advancing diverse talent because it makes us more effective, high-performing, creative, and resilient.  If you are passionate about our mission, highly skilled in your field, and looking for a place where you can bring all of yourself to work, we want you. Expertly design and produce a range of materials, including presentations, one-pagers, campaign graphics, social media graphics, stationery, swag, and brand templates Develop innovative design that positions our organization and brand in the most effective way possible Work within, and simultaneously push forward the DonorsChoose visual identity Collaborate with writers, the senior design manager, and marketing and partnerships teams to support best-in-class creative work Push projects forward with minimal oversight; be able to work autonomously when needed Develop outstanding work under tight deadlines and tight budgets  Experience as a graphic designer producing and publishing optimized marketing content Strong knowledge of typography, layout, color theory, and iconography A strong and high-quality portfolio demonstrating creativity, design expertise, strategic thinking, and software competence Proficiency in Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, Google Docs, Google Slides Skilled in photo editing and recognizing quality photography Ability to work at ease in a Mac environment Maturity and confidence as a designer Impeccable attention to detail & design quality control Ability to create final print and digital files Ability to handle simultaneous design tasks Ability to self-manage deadlines Excellent verbal and written communication skills Professional training in graphic design/visual communications or equivalent work experience Length: 6 months from the start date Hours: 10-15 hours per week Days: Mon-Friday between the hours of 9am–6pm Location: DonorsChoose national office in New York City or remote in CA, FL, GA, IL, IN, MD, MI, NJ, NY, OR, TX, or WI Compensation: Starting at $25 per hour and commensurate with experience Min. Experience: Design degree or equivalent experience required DonorsChoose is a fully vaccinated workplace and all new employees, regardless of their work location, will be asked to share proof of full vaccination against COVID-19 within two weeks of their hire date or request an exemption from this policy due to a disability or sincerely held religious belief or practice.