 As the leader in business and industry dining, Eurest is the company to join if you want a rewarding career packed with limitless opportunities. We feed the employees of the nation's largest and most-prestigious companies - in every state and across all industries. As a member of Eurest's leadership and professional support team, you will help our 16,000 chefs, and in-unit associates excel as they deliver world-class meals in corporate cafes and executive dining rooms with on-site catering through vending innovations and more.  Our company is innovative, high performing and fast growing. Our teammates are enthusiastic, committed to quality and thrive on consistently delivering unparalleled results. And did we mention we work with exciting companies and at interesting locations? Come grow your career with Eurest.  The salary range for this position is $80,000 - $100,000, and benefits include Health Insurance, PTO, and 401k  Are you a marketing and graphic design professional seeking a new challenge? If you have experience with large consumer brands, strong interpersonal skills and a proven track record of success working remotely, this may be the perfect role for you!   Our ideal candidate will be a strong conceptual thinker with a wide range of design capabilities including print, branding and typography, and have a solid understand of the corporate dining guest experience.   This position will be fully remote working primarily on Pacific time.  Working as a Marketing and Graphic Designer, you are responsible for marketing initiatives at client accounts. Additionally, you will be responsible for the following:  Apply to Eurest today!  Eurest is a member of Compass Group USA  Click here to Learn More about the Compass Story  Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.  Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation. Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity. *Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance)  Associates at Eurest are offered many fantastic benefits.  Req ID: 1006883  Eurest  EMILY HARRIS  [[req_classification]]  Develops brochures and print media about the Company  Develops content for marketing programming, storytelling, web and social media  Coordinates content for marketing projects  Collaborates with the culinary team as needed  Assists with development and execution of promotional plans  Develops concepts and brands including logos, names, and associated tag lines and copy  Bachelor's degree in Marketing with a concentration in graphic design and/or communications preferred  Minimum of three years marketing experience preferred  Knowledge of merchandising and promotions  Excellent writing skills  Graphic design experience within a marketing department  Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite, Photoshop, Illustrator, MS Office  Strong interpersonal, attention to detail, time management, and the ability to achieve success working remotely  Content management experience with a high degree of comfort managing multiple projects simultaneously  Experience with digital tools and video editing a plus  Medical  Dental  Vision  Life Insurance/ AD  Disability Insurance  Retirement Plan  Paid Time Off  Holiday Time Off (varies by site/state)  Associate Shopping Program  Health and Wellness Programs  Discount Marketplace  Identity Theft Protection  Pet Insurance  Commuter Benefits  Employee Assistance Program  Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)