 Gap has always been about optimistic American style. Starting with our very first store on Ocean Avenue in San Francisco, opened almost 50 years ago by Doris and Don Fisher. The thread that’s run through those five decades is the phenomenal people that make up our brand – our employees and our customers. People who are rooted in the legacy that makes Gap what it is, but who are also focused on the future. People who want to leave the world better than they found it. We’ve built our brand on staying true to our roots while always being out in front of what’s next. If you want to be part of an iconic American brand, and help lead the way for where we’re headed, we’d love to have you join us.  The graphic designer will be responsible for concepting and presenting creative execution across social all channels including Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, and Pinterest.   This position requires a highly creative and motivated individual who can inspire through their work. Candidates should possess a dynamic design style, flexibility, and a compelling portfolio. This role will report to the Social Media Design Manager.  This role is based out of the New York office and requires you to be in the office on an occasional basis for critical in-person meetings and/or job duties that cannot be performed remotely. Pursuant to Gap Inc.’s policy, as of September 7, 2021, all employees who wish to enter Gap Inc.’s San Francisco Bay Area, New York, and Albuquerque office buildings will need to be vaccinated, unless an exemption from the vaccine requirement is approved due to an accommodation for a disability or for a sincerely held religious belief.  Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. We have received numerous awards for our long-held commitment to equality and will continue to foster a diverse and inclusive environment of belonging. This year, we’ve been named as one of the Best Places to Work by the Human Rights Campaign for the seventeenth consecutive year and have been included in the 2021 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for the fourth year in a row.  The graphic designer is responsible for concepting and presenting creative executions for Gap in all social channels: (organic, paid, and affiliate display banner design).  Ability to translate business and marketing objectives into designs that are inspiring and engaging.  Work cross-functionally with internal teams and stakeholders to keep them fully informed of creative development and execution.  Ability to be flexible, nimble and dynamic in a large organization and fast-paced industry.  Shape design decisions in response to creative leadership feedback.  Research social trends in competitive markets and apply that knowledge and learning to each project.  3+ years of graphic design experience in fast-paced creative environments.  Good interpersonal, management, and presentation skills with an ability to communicate clearly and concisely. An ability to articulate rationale for design decisions.  Give and receive feedback well.  Exhibit an understanding of and passion for fashion and retail, with a strong style sensibility.  Knowledge of marketing materials and processes.  Proficient knowledge of Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, and After Effects. Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic and Athleta, and 30% off at Outlet for all employees. One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry.* Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice.* Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay.* Employee stock purchase plan.* Medical, dental, vision and life insurance.* See more of the benefits we offer. For eligible employees